applied trade license sinc the rain ago w-6 still waiting
tbh Property mutation not done laxmi nagar applied snce diwali ago
actually Urgent complaint: online property tax payment failed amount some amount deducted ward 46 STILL not resolved!!!
Urgent complaint: baarish ke baad drain overflow ward no 8 mein road nahi dikh raha When will this be fixed??
dear mc, ward no 19 mein mutation nahi hua since last night se apply kiya tha
bhai Hello sir, trade license ke liye 3 din se se wait kar raha hoon wrd 25 This has been going on too long.
like Dear mc, building permission ke liye from 4 days wait kar raha hoon ward no 10 कब होगा काम???
sir This is to inform you that pipe leaking ward no 15 near the park road flooded Kab tak wait karein???
you know hi, dustbin bhar gayi wadr 13 mein khali karo please Nobody is listening to us.
builder ne maal in the bylane W-17 road pe daal diya hata do This has been going on too long.
tbh urgent complaint: wadr no 15 में over a fortnight से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Please take urgent action!!!
basically mutation REQUEST pending Matunga past 2 weeks pls process
Respected officer, w-1 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo कब होगा काम???
actually we the residents of vikhroli want to say that trade license renewal pending from last tuesday shop vikhroli
This is to INFORM you that BIRTH certificate not received ward 31 office kaafi dino se We are very tired of this.
like applied for mutation past 2 weeks NO update ward 39 STILL not resolved!!!
actually garbge truck not coming Shivaji Nagar sine morning We are very tired of this.
actually this is to inform you that ward 10 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय past 6 hours से साफ नहीं हुआ Please take urgent action!!!
u see pack of dogs chasing people wrad 45 very SCARY Very disappointed with MC.
sir To whom IT may concern, gutter bhar gaya wrd no 12 mein log PAANI mein chal RAHE We are very tired of this.
it's been since 3 days and still builder ne maal near station ward 16 road pe daal diya hata do Disgusting situation.
actually despite our previous complaints, it rained and entire road disappeared ward 46 only pits left Disgusting situation.
yaar Hello sir, trade license renewal pending for the past week shop ward 44 This has been going on too long.
to whom it may concern, toilet broken and stinking ward no 1 nobody cleaning
like Hi, near station ward 22 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding
basically we the residents of ward no 7 want to say that property mutation not done ward no 7 applied since monday ago We are very tired of this.
hi, vikhroli office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye Nobody is listening to us.
sir gaaye sadak pe khadi hain Hadapsar traffic jam ho raha Kab tak wait karein???
yaar I want to report that gaaye sadak pe khadi hain w-16 traffic jam ho raha
u see ward no 15 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye
we the residents of ward 47 want to say that ward 47 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Nobody is listening to us.
we the residents of ward 27 want to say that all street lamps broken ward 27 completely dark Kab tak wait karein???
u see road repair karo wardd 19 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar Kab tak wait karein???
yaar respected officer, registered birth since last month but certificate not issued w-15
to whom it may concern, kurla mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi This is ridiculous!
sir i want to report that illegal construction w-15 near station without permission कब होगा काम???
I mean dear mc, stray dogs not sterilized ward no 21 population increasing Nobody is listening to us.
I mean To whom it may concern, chembur की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया Nobody is listening to us.
urgent complain: cylinder blast near the market w-3 need immediate help Disgusting situation.
To whom it may concern, public toilet wrd 41 very dirty noot cleaned 1 hafte se When will this be fixed??
WE the residents of ward no 1 want to say that drainage overflow during RAIN wrad no 1 flooding streets Please take urgent action!!!
urgent cmplt: pipe toot gayi at the main rood ward 47 ke paas jaldi aao
I mean Hello sir, property tax portal down CANNOT pay ward 25 This has been going on too long.
bhai despite our previous complaints, light pole broken w-15 dangerous live wire exposed Nobody is listening to us.
sir respected officer, trade license renewal pending kaafi dino se shop ward 14 This is ridiculous!
you know Hi, birth certiifcate nto received borivali office for 5 day
It's been since morning and still ward 24 mein SADAK pe bade khadde hain since morning se bahut TAKLEEF Very disappointed with MC.
yaar wrad no 27 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति since last night से लंबित है कब होगा काम???
actually Indiranagar में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Nobody is listening to us.
we the residents of w-14 want to say that w-14 office mein plan submit kiya from 4 days reply nahi This is ridiculous!
u see massive crater sized pothole at plot no 45 karol bagh snce 3 din se Disgusting situation.
basically respected officer, road dug up for construction never repaired pimpri 1 hafte se When will this be fixed??
I mean builder started work at night Bandra West at the junction no permission Disgusting situation.
sir property tax portal down cannot pay ward 8
Dear MC, toilet gandy hai in front of my building ward 15 from last tuesday se safai karo कब होगा काम???
actually urgent complaint: wadr 14 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
sir people dumping garbaage opposite the hospital wardd 7 very unhygienic
Despite our previous cmplts, death certificate not issued wrad no 1 office for 2 days
dear mc, fire noc required ward 48 nt getting it Please take urgent action!!!
tbh Respected officer, waterlogging after rain ward no 25 mosquito problem GETTING WORSE
basically We the residents of W-3 want to say THAT street light toot gayi at the NAKA W-3 महीने भर से se
yaar It's been since the monsoon and still wator from tap ward 27 yellow coloured not drinkable STILL not resolved!!!
I mean builder ne MAAL in our colony Powai road pe daal DIYA hata do Disgusting situation.
basically Respected officer, NEW trade license not processed ward no 27 for 5 days
like dear mc, pack of dogs chasing people bandra west very scary This has been going on too long.
like it's been महीने भर से and still my baby born महीने भर से certiifcate still not ready ward 7
Dear MC, ward 44 में at the signal कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Very disappointed with MC.
Hi, daily wter supply disrupted ward no 12 past for the past week pipeline blocked maybe कब होगा काम???
sir To whom it may concern, garbaje truck not coming ward 14 for 2 days
Respected officer, illegal building ban raha hai W-5 mein rok do When will this be fixed??
respected officer, unauthorized building ward 10 plz stop Nobody is listening to us.
yaar pipe leaking outside near station ward no 19 creating pothole also Please take urgent action!!!
like dear mc, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा w-13 में kaafi dino se से
basically Respected officer, kab aayega paani W-19 MEIN itna WAIT kar rahe HAIN
you know Hello sir, many stray dogs Mulund at the junction biting residents कब होगा काम???
you know hello sir, trade license ke liye महीने भर से se wait kar raha hoon ward 3
basically hello sir, pipe phoot gayi powai in our colony mein paani beh raha hai When will this be fixed??
bhai Respected officer, govandi में since yesterday से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
this is to inform you that no water in ward 26 past 2 weeks We are very tired of this.
u see Hi, road broken badly Borivali in front of my building car tyres punctured 2 times This has been going on too long.
respected officer, पड़ोसी ने andheri east में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली Please take urgent action!!!
dog attack w-13 behind the mall child got bitten please help
i want to report that fire noc required ward no 8 not getting it
paani ki bohot problem hai near the temple mein ward 38 ke andar
actually MACHHAR BAHUT HAIN Dharavi for 2 DAYS se spray kab karoge
u see Street light wire hanging loose at the junction chembur shock risk
dear mc, my building in the bylane ward no 6 has no water from from last tuesday what to do We are very tired of this.
ward 40 में near the temple कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध
hello sir, paani ki bohot problem hai at the main road mein ward no 20 ke andar This is ridiculous!
basically We the residents of wadr no 20 want to say that wardd no 20 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai Please take urgent action!!!
basically Hi, ward 26 में स्ट्रीट लाइट kaafi dino se से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
yaar to whom it may concern, ward 17 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since last night से नहीं मिला
u see i want to report that builder ne maal near the market w-9 road pe daal diya hata do
sir respected officer, open manhole near the temple w-15 very dangerous especially at night When will this be fixed??
ward 1 at the main road nali band hai for 5 days se badbu aa rahi We are very tired of this.
Despite our previous complaints, safai nahi ho rahi wardd no 11 महीने भर से se kachra uthao na When will this be fixed??
hello sir, opposite the hospital w-3 ka kuda uthao yaar 1 hafte se se nahi utha Please take urgent action!!!
we the residents of w-2 want to say that aaj bhi w-2 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo This has been going on too long.
you know To whom it may concern, RODA full of potholes wadr 19 महीने भर से vehicles getting DAMAGED Very disappointed with MC.
you know This is to inform you that gutter overflow W-16 people walking in waste water
basically despite our previous complaints, baarish ke baad drain overflow wardd 6 mein road nahi dikh raha When will this be fixed??
u see I want to report that building plan submitted ward no 10 sinc the monsoon no response
respected officer, wardd no 21 behind the mall में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Very disappointed with MC.
you know Urgent complaint: online payment fail ho gayi W-7 mein PAISE KAT gaye कब होगा काम???
illegal dump NEAR the MARKET WARD no 20 flies MOSQUITOES everywhere
street ligth not working powai at plot no 45 महीने भर से very dark at night
basically HELLO sir, bhai W-5 me PAANI nahi CHAL raha KUCH karo We are very tired of this.
this is to inform you that in the lane ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya wrd 49 mein since morning se
u see hi, no streetlight powai in front of my building theft increasing Nobody is listening to us.
Khadda hai at the main roaad ward no 27 mein accident hua tha kal Please take urgent action!!!
sir i want to report that vikhroli में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
you know hello sir, encroachment on footpath in the lane laxmi nagar pedestrians cant walk Very disappointed with MC.
sir This is to inform you that water pressure very low near sector 7 ward 27 3 din se barely enough Disgusting situation.
yaar respected officer, online payment fail ho gayi wrd 15 mein paise kat gaye
basically urgent cmplt: ward no 1 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
you know Manhole open hai near d-block koi gir jayega please cover lagao This has been going on too long.
actually Respected officer, गड्ढे की वजह से ward no 29 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
I mean i want to report that ward 46 office se birth certificate nahi mila for 2 days se Please take urgent action!!!
i want to report that ward no 1 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
bhai street light toot gayi near station W-11 3 din se se
wire latki hui hai near the temple shock lag sakta hai KISI ko Nobody is listening to us.
tbh We the residents of w-19 want to say that w-19 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया We are very tired of this.
hi, registered birth from 4 days but certificate not issued ward 4 कब होगा काम???
urgent complaint: sewage smell unbearable ward 39 since the monsoon kids cant go to school
you know urgent complain: massive crater sized pothole near the school ward 29 sinc for 2 days
actually my shop has no license because W-16 office not responding
bhai we the residents of ward 7 want to say that water nto coming from tap near station wrad 7
we the residents of ward 31 want to say that fire broke out at the junction ward 31 fire brigade delayed When will this be fixed??
I mean Hi, applied birth cert ward 43 since monday back no movement Please take urgent action!!!
I mean water PRESSURE very low near THE temple WRD no 4 for 5 dyas BARELY enough We are very tired of this.
bhai bhari water leakage near the school sadak bhar GAYI Disgusting situation.
u see street light nt working w-15 near station since 3 day very dark at night कब होगा काम???
kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward no 18 me for 10 days se
sir i want to report that trade license renewal pending for 5 day shop ward 4
you know Urgent complaint: fire at BUILDING Powai in front OF my building please send fire ENGINE When will this be fixed??
actually respected officer, ward no 4 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for 10 day से लंबित है Nobody is listening to us.
It's been since the monsoon and still darin blocked ward 38 at the signal sewage overflowing on road
tbh it's been from last tuesday and still potholes on main roaad karol bagh causing accidents from last tuesday Very disappointed with MC.
despite our previous complaints, sewage smell unbearable ward 23 since yesterday kids cant go to school When will this be fixed??
dear mc, unauthorized building govandi plz stop Kab tak wait karein???
like dear mc, ward no 26 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Disgusting situation.
you know urgnt complain: ward no 24 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं We are very tired of this.
basically it's been kaafi dino se and still potholes on main road wardd 47 causing accidents kaafi dino se This has been going on too long.
you know Hi, propety TAX portal down cannot pay wadr no 7
sir respected officer, stinking garbage pile at the signal wadr 26 dogs spreading it everywhere
you know it's been from 4 days and still garbage collector takes money still nt collecting ward 18 Nobody is listening to us.
actually naam galat likha HAI certificate MEIN ward 22 ka
it's been since the monsoon and still my scooter fell in pothole ward 8 near the school i got hurt STILL not resolved!!!
despite our previous complains, ward 1 at the junction nali band hai since morning se badbu aa rahi
I mean hi, ward no 5 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
bhai wrong property tax assessment Hadapsar proerty When will this be fixed??
basically Dear MC, ward 30 at the naka nali band hai 1 hafte se se badbu aa rahi कब होगा काम???
bhai WE the RESIDENTS of Vile Parle want TO say that Vile Parle में at the main rood पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
sir despite our previous complaints, baarish ke baad drain overflow ward no 10 mein road nahi dikh raha This is ridiculous!
basically We the residents of ward 18 want to say that water from tap wadr 18 yellow coloured not drinkable When will this be fixed??
yaar ward 20 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
like builder ne maal at the junction ward 16 road pe daal diya hata do Please take urgent action!!!
u see road condition pathetic wrd no 23 multiple potholes for the past week Kab tak wait karein???
tbh Urgent complaint: fire broke OUT near station W-19 fire BRIGADE delayed
This is to INFORM you that garbage not collected WARDD 28 for the past week unbearable SMELL When will this be fixed??
tbh potholes on main roda indiranagar causing accidents past 2 weeks Very disappointed with MC.
tbh we the residents of ward no 16 want to say that wardd no 16 में स्ट्रीट लाइट since the rain से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
i want to report that small fire chembur near the park before it spreads pls come
ward no 18 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र 3 din se से नहीं मिला
I want to report that ward 9 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi This has been going on too long.
I want to report that water has weird smell and colour ward 25 Kab tak wait karein???
basically main pipeline burst w-13 water gushing out for 10 days When will this be fixed??
yaar I want to report that pothole opposite the hospital Vile Parle bike accident happened yesterday
yaar drain choked wadala past 2 weeks foul smell health hazard STILL not resolved!!!
yaar Cylinder blast at the main road ward 34 need immediate help Kab tak wait karein???
yaar We the residents of W-14 want to say that no WATR since since the rain in W-14 when will tanker come
We the residents of wardd no 26 want to SAY that manhole COVER MISSING near the school ward no 26 someone will fall
u see Urgent complain: toilet always locked wadr 43 near D-block useless facility
despite our previous complaints, garbaage wala nahi aaya pimpri near the market 1 hafte se se
u see Despite our previous complaints, water leakage near station wadr 21 huge wastage please fix When will this be fixed??
ward 18 में near station अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है Kab tak wait karein???
bhai Dear MC, main pipeline burst ward 40 water gushing out 1 hafte SE This is ridiculous!
u see i want to report that कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 12 में पर कोई नहीं आया कब होगा काम???
I want to report that WARD 12 ki ROAD bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Disgusting situation.
Hello sir, नाली से बदबू Koramangala में sine monday से असहनीय हो गई है Very disappointed with MC.
tbh Despite our previous cmplts, bhai wadr 4 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
yaar Paani ki problem hai wrd 3 mein since morning se nala band hogaya STILL not resolved!!!
like gutter overflow W-2 people walking in waste WATER
this is to inform you that no response to building permission application pimpri since 3 day
I mean swm worker absent from ward 43 in our colony महीने भर से When will this be fixed??
bhai light pole broken W-18 dangerous live wire exposed STILL not resolved!!!
yaar We the residents of wardd 2 want to say that wrd 2 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है कब होगा काम???
yaar Dear MC, pipe TOOT gayi near the school W-1 ke paas jaldi aao This is ridiculous!
actually Respected officer, nali choke ho gayi ward 35 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha
I mean it's been over a fortnight and still near the market ward no 27 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
urgnt cmplt: bhari wateer leakage at the signal sadak bhar gayi कब होगा काम???
like Hello sir, baarish ke baad drain overflow W-12 mein rood nahi dikh raha
despite our previous complaints, massive crater sized pothole in the lane w-12 since since monday We are very tired of this.
sir to whom it may concern, maa ka certificate chahiye w-11 office se since the monsoon ho gaye Nobody is listening to us.
u see ward 20 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega
Cylinder blast at the main roda ward 16 need immediate help Kab tak wait karein???
safai nahi HO rahi WRAD NO 13 past 6 hours se kachra uthao NA
Dear MC, road repair karo Santacruz mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar We are very tired of this.
sir I want to report that ward 43 mein sadak PE bade khadde hain over A fortnight se bahut takleef Kab tak wait karein???
sir ward 27 में स्ट्रीट लाइट 1 hafte se से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
To whom it may concern, ward NO 29 में स्ट्रीट लाइट sinc last month से बंद है रात में अंधेरा We are very tired of this.
ward no 20 office mein plan submit kiya 3 din se reply nahi
actually Koramangala ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha HAI sach mein When will this be fixed??
I mean to whom it may concern, we r not getting water indiranagar 4 for 2 days wat is happening STILL not resolved!!!
sir to whom it may concern, paani ki bohot problem hai near the park mein ward 30 ke andar
u see Despite our PREVIOUS complaints, potholee at THE signal wrd 42 bike accident happened yesterday This is ridiculous!
bhai my baby born over a fortnight certficate still not ready w-7 Nobody is listening to us.
u see dear mc, ward 8 near d-block में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Please take urgent action!!!
actually Urgnt complaint: some amount bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 3 Kab tak wait karein???
like online proprty TAX payment failed amount ₹5000 deducted ward 7
like Respected officer, पड़ोसी ने wadr 28 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली When will this be fixed??
bhai raat ko construction chal raha tha ward no 3 BINA permission कब होगा काम???
bhai It's BEEN since the rain and still wrd 27 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें कब होगा काम???
Hi, gutter bhar gaya ward no 28 mein log paani mein CHAL rahe We are very tired of this.
sir This is to inform you that teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward no 24 ka kuda uthane
many stray dogs w-4 at the naka biting residents
like Hi, paani ki BOHOT problem hai opposite the hospital MEIN W-9 ke andar
sir hello sir, building plan submitted indiranagar since morning no response
this is to inform you that illegal building ban raha hai w-5 mein rok do
Ward 42 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय kaafi dino se से साफ नहीं हुआ This is ridiculous!
sir ilegal construction ward 34 near sector 7 without permission
Ward no 21 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Nobody is listening to us.
u see W-16 में in the lane अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
W-16 में मच्छरों की समस्या for the past week से है
pipe leaking ward 29 in front of my building road flooded When will this be fixed??
I mean people dumping garbage near the school ward no 8 very unhygienic
basically we the residents of ward 28 want to say that ward 28 में opposite the hospital पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
u see we the residents of w-17 want to say that daily water supply disrupted w-17 past past 2 weeks pipeline blocked maybe
I mean respected officer, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya hadapsar ka kuda uthane Nobody is listening to us.
Urgent complaint: baarish ke BAAD drain overflow ward 46 mein ROAD nahi dikh raha कब होगा काम???
actually despite our previous complaints, wardd 43 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं When will this be fixed??
despite our previous complains, applied trade license over a fortnight ago w-7 still waiting Nobody is listening to us.
Water from tap w-9 yellow coloured not drinkable
to whom it may concern, death certificate not issued wadr no 2 office 3 din se STILL not resolved!!!
u see DEAR MC, WATER pipe CRACKED W-17 in the bylane ROAD become muddy This is ridiculous!
despite our previous complaints, muicipal tanker nt coming to dharavi since morning This has been going on too long.
actually Dear MC, wrad no 6 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge STILL not resolved!!!
It's been past 2 weeks and still ward no 16 MEIN death certificate nahi mila past 2 weeks SE URGENT hai Nobody is listening to us.
bhai This is to inform you that applied for mutation since the rain no update ward no 7
hello sir, correction needed birth certificate w-1 wrong name spelled
basically urgent complaint: tap is dry wardd no 9 past 6 hours plese check the pipeline We are very tired of this.
dear mc, paid ₹8500 proerty tax but still showing dues ward 19 This is ridiculous!
i want to report that ward 1 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है This is ridiculous!
sir hello sir, dharavi में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है Very disappointed with MC.
despite our previous complaints, pipe leaking ward no 19 opposite the hospital road flooded We are very tired of this.
sir naam galat likha hai certifcate mein ward 30 ka
dog attack Laxmi Nagar at the signal child got bitten please help
To whom it may concern, no water since 3 din se in wrd 3 when will tanker come
I mean wrad 48 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
Despite our PREVIOUS complaints, ward no 25 mein paani band hai past 2 WEEKS se log taras rahe hain Disgusting situation.
you know we the residents of w-15 want to say that people dumping garbage near d-block w-15 very unhygienic This has been going on too long.
yaar I want to report that paani ki problem hai W-11 mein for 10 days se nala band hogaya कब होगा काम???
basically respected officer, no streetlight ward 41 in front of my building theft increasing STILL not resolved!!!
Dear mc, ward no 16 office se birth certificate nahi mila sinc yesterday se Disgusting situation.
like It's been since morning and still constraction waste dumped on road ward 27 by builder कब होगा काम???
tbh online payment fail ho gayi ward 15 mein paise kat gaye
you know Urgent cmplt: water has weird smell and colour ward no 16
u see It's been sine last month and still constraction waste dumped on road wrad no 15 by builder Nobody is listening to us.
like I want to report that garbage lying on raod ward 18 since morning disease risk
tbh dear mc, ward 28 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi
actually Respected officer, drain choked ward 25 for the past week foul smell health hazard
hi, at the signal ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya wardd no 3 mein over a fortnight se कब होगा काम???
yaar Urgent cmplt: ward 38 mein mutation nahi hua from last tuesday se apply kiya tha Nobody is listening to us.
basically I want to report that W-9 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
to whom it may concern, proerty mutation not done matunga applied 3 din se ago कब होगा काम???
bhai Unauthorized building ward 21 please stop
we the residents of ward no 25 want to say that ward no 25 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं When will this be fixed??
u see TO whom IT may CONCERN, building PLAN submitted ward NO 15 since diwali no response
I mean we the residents of w-18 want to say that at the naka w-18 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है This is ridiculous!
like stinking garbage pile near the school wadr 27 dogs spreading it everywhere This is ridiculous!
like Hi, tax demand notice for ward 26 but payment done for 5 day ago Please take urgent action!!!
tbh urgent complain: ward 27 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Please take urgent action!!!
toilet broken and stinking w-18 nobody cleaning
bhai urgent complaint: toilet band rehta hai w-10 mein kya fayda कब होगा काम???
to whom it may concern, matunga में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें Nobody is listening to us.
basically this is to inform you that ₹3500 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 27
i want to report that my baby born for 5 days certifcate still nt ready wadr 36
dear mc, safai nahi ho rahi sion महीने भर से se kachra uthao na Very disappointed with MC.
despite our previous complaints, builder ne maal in our colony hadapsar roaad pe daal diya hata do Very disappointed with MC.
Hello sir, mutation request pending ward 8 kaafi dino se please process
like respected officer, dirty smelly water supply ward 37 past 6 hours health risk Very disappointed with MC.
yaar I want to report that huge potholes at the junction ward 14 very dangerous
water pipe cracked ward 38 at the naka road become muddy This is ridiculous!
CONSTRUCTION waste dumped on road WARD no 7 by builder STILL not resolved!!!
like Despite our previous cmplts, tap is dry wrad 15 since monday pls check the pipeline Very disappointed with MC.
actually Hello sir, dustbin overflowing ward 26 not emptied 1 hafte se Very disappointed with MC.
actually applied for mutation महीने भर से no update ward 4
Hello sir, light pole broken andheri east dangerous live wire exposed STILL not resolved!!!
bhai Urgent complaint: mulund mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo कब होगा काम???
despite our previous complaints, dharavi ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete
tbh supply cut without notice ward 20 since morning
actually this is to inform you that brown wateer coming wrd 33 children getting sick This has been going on too long.
actually urgent complaint: my scooter fell in pothole ward no 19 at the corner i got hurt
yaar despite our previous complaints, no water in ward 6 snce last night Disgusting situation.
actually Despite our previous CMPLTS, illegal dump near the market ward no 2 flies MOSQUITOES everywhere
This IS to inform you that ward NO 27 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें This has been going on too long.
sir Dear MC, manhole cover missing at the corner ward no 7 SOMEONE will FALL
actually despite our previous complaints, raat ko constraction chal raha tha borivali bina permission
u see we the residents of ward 26 want to say that construction waste dumped on roda ward 26 by builder
sir It's been past 6 hours and still potholes on main road ward no 23 causing accidents past 6 hours
dharavi में since yesterday से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
IT'S been since morning and still Koramangala में कचरा गाड़ी since morning से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है STILL not resolved!!!
to whom it may concern, in the lane w-5 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko Kab tak wait karein???
u see urgent complaint: wardd no 20 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र 1 hafte se से नहीं मिला We are very tired of this.
like Stray dogs not sterilized ward 12 population increasing Very disappointed with MC.
to whom it may concern, ward 48 में मच्छरों की समस्या since the monsoon से है कब होगा काम???
it's been 1 hafte se and still no streetlight w-12 near the school theft increasing Very disappointed with MC.
Public toilet ward 42 very dirty not cleaned since yesterday Kab tak wait karein???
bhai hello sir, water supply stopped ward no 14 for 2 days residents suffering badly
hello sir, water supply stopped w-3 since the rain residents suffering badly Please take urgent action!!!
it's been for 2 dayz and still sion near sector 7 nali band hai for 2 days se badbu aa rahi
bhai To whom it may concern, W-3 में since the monsoon से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Nobody is listening to us.
basically hello sir, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा wardd 7 में since yesterday से This has been going on too long.
you know Respected officer, correction needed birth certificate Pimpri wrong NAME spelled Please take urgent action!!!
URGENT complaint: garbage truck NOT coming ward 46 for the past week Disgusting situation.
Hello sir, illegal dump outside my house Andheri EAST flies mosquitoes everywhere
Urgent complaint: dengue cases increasing w-12 stagnant water not removed कब होगा काम???
WE the residents of ward NO 24 want to SAY that road repair karo ward no 24 MEIN kitne din se khadde hain yaar Please take urgent action!!!
yaar nahi aa rha paani ward 13 mein please koi to suno STILL not resolved!!!
I mean Urgent complaint: paani ki problem hai ward 16 MEIN 3 din se se NALA band hogaya
bhai dear mc, dustbin bhar gayi ward 46 mein khali karo pleese We are very tired of this.
u see Hello sir, construction waste dumped on roda w-14 by builder When will this be fixed??
tbh tax notice came again even after paying ward no 20
bhai No wator since for 5 days in govandi when will tanker come This has been going on too long.
like hi, laxmi nagar में नाली बंद है 3 din se से सड़क पर गंदा पानी Nobody is listening to us.
sir urgent complaint: toilet always locked ward no 2 at the junction useless facility Please take urgent action!!!
actually urgent complaint: ward 24 में नामांतरण sinc monday से लंबित है कब होगा
you know i want to report that 1 light working out of 10 in ward 38 rest all dead
sir applied trade license past 6 hours ago ward 42 still waiting We are very tired of this.
respected officer, wardd no 10 office mein plan submit kiya since last month reply nahi Kab tak wait karein???
sir To whom it may concern, people dumping garbage near the market wrd no 12 very unhygienic
basically Respected officer, wrd no 11 की सड़क की हालत खराब है kaafi dino se से मरम्मत नहीं Kab tak wait karein???
yaar नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward no 27 में since the monsoon से Nobody is listening to us.
you know kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi wardd 7 me sine last night se
sir drainage overflow during rain w-2 flooding streets
tbh RESPECTED officer, garbaje TRUCK not coming ward 20 since last night This has been going on too long.
tbh despite our previous complains, nullah blocked chembur mosquito breeding happening Nobody is listening to us.
like to whom it may concern, tax notice came again even after paying ward no 27 Please take urgent action!!!
like urgnt complaint: ward no 29 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें We are very tired of this.
sir hi, w-18 में near station कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध
it's been for the past week and still ward 35 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Kab tak wait karein???
sir ward 47 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है
opposite the hospital mulund mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
like dear mc, stray cattle blocking road ward 3 since diwali
I mean ward 38 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं Kab tak wait karein???
actually Despite our previous complaints, हमारे ward 11 में kaafi dino se से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
you know registered birth since 3 days but certifcate not issued wrd no 5 When will this be fixed??
despite our previous complaints, w-7 mein paani band hai since the monsoon se log taras rahe hain
WE the residents of ward no 5 want to SAY that no PUBLIC toilet ward no 5 near D-BLOCK open defecation happening We are very tired of this.
wardd 40 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली कब होगा काम???
IT'S been 1 HAFTE se and still WARD 42 near D-block bina permission constraction ho raha HAI कब होगा काम???
Drain choked ward no 7 from last tuesday foul smell health hazard
yaar dear mc, registered birth sine yesterday but certificate not issued wadr no 11 Kab tak wait karein???
fire at building ward 13 near the temple please send fire engine Very disappointed with MC.
trade license renewal pending since 3 days shop wrad 2 We are very tired of this.
tbh Respected officer, people dumping garbage at plot no 45 ward 35 very unhygienic We are very tired of this.
Dear MC, in the lane ward 32 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding
Hi, NALI choke ho gayi ward no 4 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha कब होगा काम???
hello sir, tap is dry chembur from 4 days plz check the pipeline STILL not resolved!!!
i want to report that ward 4 at the main raod mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao This is ridiculous!
u see it's been sinc last month and still wardd no 19 में नामांतरण since last month से लंबित है कब होगा Kab tak wait karein???
to whom it may concern, applied for mutation since monday no update wrd no 16 Nobody is listening to us.
yaar urgnt cmplt: ward 38 at the junction NALI BAND hai since MONDAY se badbu aa rahi
kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi borivali me for 5 days se
I mean this is to inform you that cylinder blast near sector 7 wrad no 3 need immediate help
I mean urgent complaint: wardd no 15 office mein plan submit kiya since 3 days reply nahi Disgusting situation.
actually HI, public toilet wrad 12 very dirty NOT cleaned since diwali
yaar To WHOM it may CONCERN, garbage collector takes money still not collecting ward no 6 This has been going on too long.
u see Hi, khadda hai near the park wadr no 11 MEIN accident hua tha kal कब होगा काम???
like We the residents of ward no 19 want to say that wardd no 19 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi Nobody is listening to us.
It's BEEN sinc the rain and still street light wire hanging loose AT the signal ward 23 shock risk Please take urgent action!!!
daily water supply disrupted w-19 past 3 din se pipeline blocked maybe कब होगा काम???
actually Hi, naam galat likha hai certificate mein vile parle ka Disgusting situation.
bhai it's been past 6 hours and still cylinder blast at the junction ward 34 need immediate help Very disappointed with MC.
like dear mc, wrd 38 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र 3 din se से नहीं मिला We are very tired of this.
To WHOM it may CONCERN, WARD NO 17 में past 2 weeks से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। We are very tired of this.
bhai urgent complaint: mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward no 17 ka Nobody is listening to us.
basically wrad no 22 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
actually hi, water pipe cracked ward no 19 near the school road become muddy
yaar to whom it may concern, water looks muddy ward 20 in our colony for 5 dyas This has been going on too long.
tbh Respected officer, ROAD CONDITION pathetic ward no 9 multiple potholes since last month STILL not resolved!!!
hi, illegal building ban raha hai wrad no 5 mein rok do Very disappointed with MC.
trade license ke liye snce last night se wait kar raha hoon wrd 46
actually garbage not collected ward 27 from last tuesday unbearable smell Please take urgent action!!!
tbh This is TO inform YOU THAT water noot coming FROM TAP at the main road ward no 15
Urgent complaint: paani nahi aa raha ward no 29 mein from last tuesday se STILL not resolved!!!
sir i want to report that dirty smelly wator supply wardd no 11 since last month health risk Nobody is listening to us.
bhai ward no 14 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai Disgusting situation.
bhai despite our previous complaints, all street lamps broken ward 38 completely dark
tbh I want to report that dustbin overflowing wrd 1 not emptied 3 din se
sir garbage truck nt coming wadr 46 for 5 days Very disappointed with MC.
I mean This is to inform you that ₹5000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai Karol Bagh Please take urgent action!!!
tbh dear mc, chembur mein sadak pe bade khadde hain snce yesterday se bahut takleef
basically hi, pipe leaking ward no 8 in front of my building road flooded
hi, potholes on main road ward 15 causing accidents past 2 weeks Please take urgent action!!!
actually pipe leaking ward 45 at plot no 45 road flooded
Despite our previous complaints, toilet always locked Wadala near D-block useless facility Nobody is listening to us.
respected officer, water leakage opposite the hospital w-11 huge wastage please fix Very disappointed with MC.
basically safai nahi ho rahi w-11 kaafi dino se se kachra uthao na
tbh pack of dogs chasing people ward 23 very scary This is ridiculous!
tbh i want to report that construction waste dumped on road ward 12 by builder Please take urgent action!!!
bhai hello sir, नाली से बदबू ward 19 में 3 din se से असहनीय हो गई है
it's been past 6 hours and still we called the garbage number 3 times wrd 38 no response This is ridiculous!
u see dear mc, supply cut without notice wrd no 14 kaafi dino se Nobody is listening to us.
dear mc, oc application pending from last tuesday ward no 10 office This has been going on too long.
sir dear mc, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya wadr 8 ka kuda uthane This has been going on too long.
yaar Dear MC, tax notice came again even after PAYING W-1 Disgusting situation.
actually Kurla mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
yaar Respected officer, ward 15 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं This has been going on too long.
Mulund में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं When will this be fixed??
bhai despite our previous complaints, light pole broken koramangala dangerous live wire exposed
I mean water filter getting choked daily ward 26 water very bad quality
you know we r nt getting wator ward 37 4 since monday wat is happening This has been going on too long.
yaar I want to report that my building near the market Kurla has no wter from since morning what to do
basically W-18 में व्यापार लाइसेंस महीने भर से से लंबित है
to whom it may concern, illegal building ban raha hai ward 9 mein rok do
actually To whom it MAY CONCERN, paani mein mitti aa RAHI hai ward no 8 colour bhi change HAI
I mean hello sir, mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward 19 ka Very disappointed with MC.
you know urgnt complaint: sewage smell unbearable ward 33 since yesterday kids cant go to school STILL not resolved!!!
you know respected officer, wrd no 4 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe
bhai dear mc, wrad no 22 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति sinc the rain से बाधित है
u see urgnt complaint: हमारे ward no 23 में since the rain से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे STILL not resolved!!!
like municiple tanker not coming to ward no 29 since last night
actually URGENT COMPLAINT: death REGISTERED but CERTIFICATE pending wadr 13 Nobody is listening to us.
no wator in ward no 24 3 din se
I mean dear mc, applied for mutation sine morning no update ward no 18 We are very tired of this.
I mean to whom it may concern, w-8 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi कब होगा काम???
actually online property tax payment failed amount ₹12000 deducted ward no 7 Kab tak wait karein???
this is to inform you that maa ka certificate chahiye w-12 office se since diwali ho gaye Kab tak wait karein???
I mean hello sir, unauthorized building w-9 pls stop Disgusting situation.
this is to inform you that waste not picked ward 10 at the corner for 2 days piling up on road We are very tired of this.
you know Dear MC, pipe leaking outside near the park wrad 2 creating pothole also This has been going on too long.
you know Dear mc, ₹12000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai laxmi nagar
u see it's been past 6 hours and still garbage lying on raod borivali past 6 hours disease risk Nobody is listening to us.
We the residents of ward no 10 want to say that ward no 10 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है for 2 day से STILL not resolved!!!
This IS TO inform you that DENGUE cases increasing wardd 47 STAGNANT water NTO removed STILL not resolved!!!
like URGENT complaint: builder started work at night W-15 in the bylane no permission We are very tired of this.
Hello sir, ward 29 mein paani band hai past 6 hours se log taras rahe hain Very disappointed with MC.
yaar DESPITE our PREVIOUS cmplts, illegal building ban RAHA hai WARD 35 mein rok do Disgusting situation.
tbh this is to inform you that pipe leaking outside outside my house wardd 27 creating pothole also
yaar hi, entire footpath occupied by shop near the temple wrad 4 snce 3 dayz कब होगा काम???
₹12000 bhar diye phir BHI due SHOW ho raha HAI ward no 22
sir water pipe cracked chembur opposite the hospital road become muddy Disgusting situation.
yaar it's been since yesterday and still teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward no 3 ka kuda uthane
ward 16 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye This has been going on too long.
actually death registered but certificate pending ward 1 कब होगा काम???
actually We the residents of ward 38 want to say that ward 38 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach MEIN
Dear MC, bhari water leakage near the park sadak bhar gayi STILL not resolved!!!
to whom it may concern, building mein aag wrad no 24 jaldi aao
we the residents of ward no 11 want to say that entire ward no 11 in darkness after 9pm 3 din se कब होगा काम???
actually this is to inform you that small fire ward 1 at the naka before it spreads pls come
It's been for the PAST week and still builder ne maal near sector 7 Dharavi road pe daal diya hata do कब होगा काम???
we the residents of ward no 11 want to say that neighbor built extra floor without permission ward no 11 When will this be fixed??
basically Hello sir, trade license renewal pending since monday shop wrd no 8 Please take urgent action!!!
sir respected officer, my scooter fell in pot hole w-4 at the corner i got hurt This is ridiculous!
sir This is to inform you that road full of potholes laxmi nagar since the monsoon vehicles getting damaged Nobody is listening to us.
yaar we the residents of ward 33 want to say that birth certificate nto received ward 33 office from last tuesday Kab tak wait karein???
road pe gadd hai opposite the hospital ward 30 bike wale girte hain
yaar हमारे w-15 में for the past week से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
yaar kab aayega paani ward 3 mein itna wait kar rahe hain
dear mc, garbage collector takes money still not collecting w-8 This has been going on too long.
yaar hi, cow sitting on main road indiranagar traffic blocked Please take urgent action!!!
you know wrd 31 in the bylane में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं This is ridiculous!
like cow sitting on main road Vile Parle traffic blocked Disgusting situation.
I mean hi, roaad full of potholes ward no 4 since the monsoon vehicles getting damaged
yaar we the residents of wrd no 18 want to say that water has weird smell and colour ward no 18
bhai hi, fire broke out near the temple kurla fire brigade delayed
I want to report that we called the garbage number 3 times wadala no response
I mean hi, paani nahi aa raha ward no 20 mein for 5 days se When will this be fixed??
sir road tar came off past 6 hours ward 3 only stones left Very disappointed with MC.
yaar we r NOT getting water ward no 21 4 since THE rain wat is happening When will this be fixed??
tbh bhari water leakage IN front of my building sadak BHAR gayi Disgusting situation.
Hi, street light toot gayi near the school ward 20 past 2 weeks se Disgusting situation.
sir Respected officer, manhole open hai near the temple koi gir jayega please cover lagao
urgent cmplt: tap is dry wardd 33 from last tuesday please check the pipeline Disgusting situation.
basically To whom it may concern, street light wire hanging loose at the junction ward no 18 shock risk
urgent complain: raod pe gadd hai in front of my building Sion bike wale girte hain This has been going on too long.
Urgent complaint: fire at building wardd 5 near sector 7 please send fire engine Disgusting situation.
basically It's been from 4 days and still Shivaji Nagar में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है We are very tired of this.
you know To whom it MAY concern, WARD 45 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें This is ridiculous!
like dharavi में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली This has been going on too long.
actually i want to report that encroachment on footpath at the naka ward 32 pedestrians cant walk
basically I want TO REPORT THAT mom KO heart problem hai ISLIYE urgent chahiye paani W-6 Disgusting situation.
it's been since yesterday and still trade license ke liye since yesterday se wait kar raha hoon wrd 33 This is ridiculous!
sir It's been since the monsoon AND still TOILET gandy hai in front of my building wrd 8 sine the monsoon se safai karo When will this be fixed??
dear mc, drainage overflow during rain w-17 flooding streets STILL not resolved!!!
u see urgent complaint: andheri east में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है This is ridiculous!
actually Despite our previous complaints, rood repair karo Vile PARLE mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar We are very tired of this.
actually KAL kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward no 1 mein urgent karo When will this be fixed??
i want to report that wrd no 16 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Very disappointed with MC.
Respected officer, W-12 in our colony में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Nobody is listening to us.
you know We the residents of wrad 39 want to say that wator pipe cracked ward 39 near sector 7 road become muddy When will this be fixed??
bhai new trade license noot processed sion past 2 weeks
basically dear mc, many stray dogs wadr 29 at plot no 45 biting residents We are very tired of this.
Dear MC, massive crater sized pothole at plot no 45 W-12 since from 4 dyas Very disappointed with MC.
sir this is to inform you that sewage smell unbearable koramangala since 3 days kids cant go to school This is ridiculous!
bhai We the RESIDENTS of W-8 want to SAY that road FULL of potholes W-8 past 6 hours vehicles getting DAMAGED We are very tired of this.
u see despite our previous complaints, brown water coming ward 1 children getting sick STILL not resolved!!!
sir nali choke ho gayi ward 32 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha When will this be fixed??
sir hello sir, ward 42 की सड़क की हालत खराब है snce the rain से मरम्मत नहीं Very disappointed with MC.
yaar waste not picked Laxmi NAGAR in the lane for 5 days piling UP on ROOD This has been going on too long.
you know dear mc, entire footpath occupied by shop near sector 7 w-11 since monday Nobody is listening to us.
Dear mc, brown wateer coming ward 37 children getting sick Very disappointed with MC.
I want to REPORT that road repair karo ward 24 mein KITNE din se khadde hain yaar
basically We the RESIDENTS of wrd no 12 want to say THAT dog attack ward no 12 near D-block child got bitten please help
tbh bandra west में kaafi dino se से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
actually This is to inform you that death certificate nt issued wadr no 6 office past 6 hours We are very tired of this.
I want to report that in the bylane ward no 17 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है This has been going on too long.
applied trade license महीने भर से ago wardd no 24 still waiting
basically urgent complain: death certificate not issued wrd 4 office since the monsoon Kab tak wait karein???
sir This is to inform you that gutter overflow ward 31 people walking in waste water
you know Hi, gutter bhar gaya ward no 16 mein log paani mein chal rahe Kab tak wait karein???
we the residents of ward no 25 want to say that propety mutation nto done ward no 25 applied from last tuesday ago
sir entire ward 10 in darkness after 9pm past 6 hours कब होगा काम???
To WHOM it may concern, no streetlight W-2 near the MARKET theft increasing
you know this is to inform you that teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward 14 ka kuda uthane
you know This is to inform you that ward no 1 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं STILL not resolved!!!
u see it's been kaafi dino se and still mutation request pending ward no 23 kaafi dino se plese process Please take urgent action!!!
sir Hi, wrd no 11 mein sadak pe bade KHADDE HAIN since last month se bahut takleef
URGNT complaint: paani MEIN MITTI aa rahi hai Vikhroli colour BHI change hai This is ridiculous!
yaar i want to report that road dug up for construction never repaired w-5 for the past week कब होगा काम???
shivaji nagar में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक Please take urgent action!!!
yaar hi, no streetlight wrd 38 behind the mall theft increasing
Respected officer, drainn choked ward no 21 since last night foul smell health HAZARD
tbh wrad no 6 office mein plan submit kiya since monday reply nahi Very disappointed with MC.
u see hello sir, govandi में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है This has been going on too long.
u see drain blocked ward no 18 near the market sewage overflowing on raod
u see Despite our previous complains, WADR 42 mein death CERTIFICATE nahi mila 1 hafte SE se urgent hai
I mean this is to inform you that andheri east में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं Very disappointed with MC.
bhai we the residents of w-5 want to say that w-5 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
street ligh not working ward no 6 near the school over a fortnight very dark at night This is ridiculous!
actually this is to inform you that vile parle का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
like Cylinder blast at the signal ward no 8 need immediate help Very disappointed with MC.
i want to report that my building at the main rood ward 1 has no wter from 3 din se what to do Disgusting situation.
like hello sir, ward no 29 near the market mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi कब होगा काम???
bhai ward 31 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र महीने भर से से नहीं मिला This has been going on too long.
like Respected officer, w-4 में कचरा गाड़ी for 2 day से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
this is to inform you that street light wire hanging loose near the park w-8 shock risk STILL not resolved!!!
basically respected officer, drain blocked ward no 2 near station sewage overflowing on road Very disappointed with MC.
like Respected officer, aaj fir gira mai ward 11 ke KHADDE mein SCOOTER le gaya neeche Very disappointed with MC.
respected officer, huge potholes in our colony ward no 20 very dangerous We are very tired of this.
dear mc, my scooter fell in pothole wardd 34 near the school i got hurt
you know street light toot gayi in the bylane w-8 for 5 days se
to whom it may concern, footpath pe encroachment hai at plot no 45 matunga mein
to whom it may concern, w-13 में behind the mall अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
basically Hi, rood repair karo ward 32 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar Disgusting situation.
tbh drian choked laxmi nagar past 2 weeks foul smell health hazard Kab tak wait karein???
tbh hello sir, lgiht pole broken ward no 17 dangerous live wire exposed
Hi, stray dogs not sterilized wrd 26 population increasing This is ridiculous!
To whom it may concern, public toilet ward 16 very dirty not cleaned for 2 day This has been going on too long.
neighbor built extra floor without permission w-6
dear mc, garbage wala nahi aaya hadapsar behind the mall from last tuesday se
it's been for the past week and still vikhroli में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक Very disappointed with MC.
like respected officer, applied for mutation 3 din se no update ward no 19 Kab tak wait karein???
sir we the residents of wadr no 24 want to say that हमारे ward no 24 में over a fortnight से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे Kab tak wait karein???
bhai It's been for 10 DAYS and still W-17 ki SADAK me itne khadde hain ki raat ko DIKH bhi nahi We are very tired of this.
basically at the signal ward 41 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
bhai hadapsar ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega When will this be fixed??
dear mc, wrd 1 में since diwali से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
like I want to report that registered BIRTH over a fortnight but certficate nt issued ward 22 We are very tired of this.
yaar respected officer, garbage truck noot coming ward 2 since last month
tbh tax demand notice for chembur but payment done 1 hafte se ago Kab tak wait karein???
I mean ward 46 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
sir Respected officer, wrd 27 office se birth certiifcate nahi mila from last tuesday se कब होगा काम???
basically despite our previous complaints, borivali में नामांतरण for 10 days से लंबित है कब होगा This has been going on too long.
actually fire noc required w-2 not getting it This has been going on too long.
yaar hello sir, tax notice came again even after paying ward no 3 Kab tak wait karein???
garbage truck not coming Laxmi Nagar since last night
mutation request pending ward 19 SINCE last month plese process We are very tired of this.
I mean we the residents of wadr 17 want to say that dirty smelly water supply ward 17 since the monsoon health risk When will this be fixed??
bhai water leakage in front of my building laxmi nagar huge wastage please fix Kab tak wait karein???
u see it's been since yesterday and still paani ki bohot problem hai near the park mein powai ke andar STILL not resolved!!!
I want to report that mutation request pending ward 18 sine monday pls process Nobody is listening to us.
to whom it may concern, stinking garbage pile in front of my building w-12 dogs spreading it everywhere कब होगा काम???
we the residents of chembur want to say that dirty smelly water supply chembur since 3 dayz health risk
Hi, ward 5 near the school nali band hai from last tuesday se badbu aa rahi
death registered but certificate pending ward no 25 STILL not resolved!!!
bhai it's been 3 din se and still cylinder blast at the naka w-12 need immediate help We are very tired of this.
I mean cylinder blast at the junction ward 22 need immediate help
Hi, drainage overflow during rain wrd 39 flooding streets Kab tak wait karein???
This is TO inform you THAT nali choke ho gayi wardd no 15 ganda paani sadak pe AA raha
u see dear mc, machhar bahut hain ward no 29 sinc the monsoon se spray kab karoge Please take urgent action!!!
u see wrad 26 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक This has been going on too long.
basically i want to report that fire broke out near station ward 46 fire brigade delayed
like HELLO sir, death registered but CERTIFICATE pending ward no 10
you know urgnt complaint: light pole broken wrad 11 dangerous live wire exposed STILL not resolved!!!
dear mc, commencement certificate nto received ward 30 despite approval We are very tired of this.
sir respected officer, entire footpath occupied by shop near sector 7 wardd no 15 for 5 days Disgusting situation.
u see hi, aaj bhi wardd 25 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo When will this be fixed??
u see Hi, no streetlight wadr 26 at plot no 45 theft increasing Please take urgent action!!!
actually ward 16 near the temple mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi
toilet band rehta hai ward 29 mein kya fayda Disgusting situation.
actually To whom it may concern, W-16 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Nobody is listening to us.
to whom it may concern, 1 light working out of 10 in ward 24 rest all dead This has been going on too long.
like Urgent COMPLAINT: पड़ोसी ने Bandra West में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली This is ridiculous!
dear mc, unauthorized building ward 43 pls stop STILL not resolved!!!
basically it's been 3 din se and still near station ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward 16 mein 3 din se se Disgusting situation.
This IS to inform you that swm worker ABSENT from ward 43 near station kaafi dino se When will this be fixed??
I mean to whom it may concern, नाली से बदबू indiranagar में since last month से असहनीय हो गई है We are very tired of this.
illegal construction ward 19 near sector 7 without permission
basically property tax portal down cannot pay ward 6 This is ridiculous!
I mean URGENT complaint: ward 47 mein death certifcate NAHI mila 3 DIN se se urgent hai कब होगा काम???
Urgent complaint: gutter overflow w-17 people walking in waste water
this is to inform you that watr leakage near the market w-5 huge wastage please fix Kab tak wait karein???
tbh i want to report that kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward 24 me महीने भर से se Very disappointed with MC.
tbh urgent complaint: ward 9 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo Nobody is listening to us.
bhai to whom it may concern, garbge collector takes money still not collecting koramangala We are very tired of this.
tbh It's been snce YESTERDAY and still paani ki bohot problem hai near THE school mein ward 41 ke andar Very disappointed with MC.
we the residents of ward 20 want to say that ward 20 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति sinc 3 dayz से बाधित है
I mean maa ka certificate chahiye ward no 1 office se past 2 weeks ho gaye
actually teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya dharavi ka kuda uthane STILL not resolved!!!
basically urgent cmplt: govandi में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं कब होगा काम???
I mean ward no 4 near the temple में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
you know paid some amount property tax but still showing dues malviya nagar Please take urgent action!!!
u see hello sir, wrd 31 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
Hi, illegal construction ward 9 in the lane without PERMISSION
this is to inform you that toilet gandy hai at plot no 45 ward 35 snce 3 dayz se safai karo Disgusting situation.
khadda HAI in FRONT of MY BUILDING wadr no 25 mein accident hua THA KAL When will this be fixed??
dear mc, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward 29 me 3 din se se Very disappointed with MC.
u see this is to inform you that applied for mutation 1 hafte se no update ward 33 Very disappointed with MC.
yaar We the residents of Santacruz want to say that teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya Santacruz ka kuda uthane
u see Urgent COMPLAIN: street light toot gayi at the signal ward 30 since the monsoon se Kab tak wait karein???
basically street light not working ward no 27 near the park from 4 days very dark at night
sir Respected officer, wrong property tax assessment ward 42 property
pipe toot gayi at the signal ward no 1 ke paas jaldi aao कब होगा काम???
like despite our previous complaints, kachra nahi utha borivali mein for 5 days se bahut badbu Very disappointed with MC.
We the residents of Laxmi Nagar WANT to say that Laxmi Nagar में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं कब होगा काम???
to whom it may concern, गड्ढे की वजह से ward 14 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
you know we the residents of w-18 want to say that w-18 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein Nobody is listening to us.
street light wire HANGING loose AT the JUNCTION ward no 23 shock risk This is ridiculous!
actually dear mc, we r not getting water shivaji nagar 4 for the past week wat is happening STILL not resolved!!!
Urgent complaint: garbage lying on road w-2 since the monsoon disease risk Disgusting situation.
bhai this is to inform you that baarish ke baad drain overflow ward 48 mein road nahi dikh raha We are very tired of this.
yaar major pipe burst at the signal Hadapsar water wasting कब होगा काम???
dear mc, khadda hai near the school w-9 mein accident hua tha kal Nobody is listening to us.
you know despite our previous complaints, roaad broken badly vikhroli outside my house car tyres punctured 2 times
actually Urgent complaint: w-4 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain over a fortnight se bahut takleef
dear mc, illegall constuction indiranagar in the bylane without permission
actually hello sir, wator from tap ward 10 yellow coloured not drinkable
like We the residents of W-7 want to say that supply cut without notice W-7 1 hafte se STILL not resolved!!!
u see wateer filter getting choked daily W-6 water very bad quality
sir Respected officer, it rained and ENTIRE roda disappeared ward 23 only pits left
yaar near d-block wrd no 16 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है Disgusting situation.
you know despite our previous complaints, road condition pathetic ward 3 multiple potholes for the past week Nobody is listening to us.
you know despite our previous complaints, light pole broken w-9 dangerous live wire exposed
yaar dear mc, fire at building ward no 20 at the junction please send fire engine We are very tired of this.
to whom it may concern, building permission ke liye since morning wait kar raha hoon ward no 14 Kab tak wait karein???
tbh Hello sir, pothole at the signal wadr 43 bike accident happened yesterday Nobody is listening to us.
I mean to whom it may concern, my baby born for 10 days certiifcate still not ready ward no 10
you know i want to report that baarish ke baad drain overflow ward no 9 mein rood nahi dikh raha
Dear MC, no response to building permission application WRD 49 OVER a fortnight
you know we the residents of ward 30 want to say that wadr 30 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Disgusting situation.
you know I want to report that applied trade license for the past week ago laxmi nagar still waiting
It's been for 2 days and still open MANHOLE in FRONT of my building Govandi VERY DANGEROUS ESPECIALLY at night Very disappointed with MC.
sir It's BEEN since the rain and still paid ₹12000 property tax but still SHOWING dues WARD 37 Disgusting situation.
I mean Despite our previous cmplts, pipe phoot gayi wrad no 8 behind the mall mein paani beh raha hai Very disappointed with MC.
I mean URGENT complaint: gutter overflow ward 38 people walking in waste water
you know We the residents of ward NO 12 want TO say that wardd NO 12 में opposite the hospital के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक Very disappointed with MC.
like It's BEEN from last tuesday and still road broken badly ward 12 near the market car tyres PUNCTURED 2 times Kab tak wait karein???
sir despite our previous complaints, bhai ward no 4 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
u see Urgnt complain: public toilet karol bagh very dirty not cleaned sine 3 dayz Kab tak wait karein???
yaar dear mc, building mein aag w-16 jaldi aao This is ridiculous!
bhai dear mc, no streetlight ward 34 behind the mall theft increasing When will this be fixed??
respected officer, govandi mein paani band hai since last night se log taras rahe hain Very disappointed with MC.
hello sir, trade license renewal pending 1 hafte se shop wrad 41
basically aaj fir gira mai W-17 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche When will this be fixed??
basically despite our previous complaints, water looks muddy ward no 8 at the junction since the monsoon
we the residents of wadr 35 want to say that ward 35 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया Nobody is listening to us.
ward 5 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है since the monsoon से We are very tired of this.
to whom it may concern, w-2 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं This has been going on too long.
sir commencement certificate nto received ward no 17 despite approval
yaar to whom it may concern, nullah blocked ward no 25 mosquito breeding happening
you know To whom it may concern, paani ki problem hai Karol Bagh mein over a fortnight se nala band hogaya Please take urgent action!!!
like It's been महीने भर से and still toilet always locked Vile Parle at the junction useless facility When will this be fixed??
it's been from 4 days and still constuction waste dumped on roaad w-4 by builder
We the residents of w-7 want to say that ₹25000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai w-7 STILL not resolved!!!
bhai TO whom it may concern, W-8 में व्यापार लाइसेंस since the monsoon से लंबित है We are very tired of this.
yaar Dear MC, NO public toilet ward 26 at plot no 45 open defecation HAPPENING Disgusting situation.
This is to inform you that toilet band rehta hai sion mein kya fayda
paani mein mitti aa rahi hai wadr 30 colour bhi change hai When will this be fixed??
like this is to inform you that wadr no 4 mein ligth nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
HI, wrd no 22 mein paani ka pipe since THE monsoon se leak ho raha hai Very disappointed with MC.
u see Despite our previous complaints, water has weird smell and colour W-14
entire FOOTPATH OCCUPIED by shop near the market ward 7 since 3 days
sir i want to report that kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward no 12 mein urgent karo We are very tired of this.
basically municipal tanker not coming to ward 14 from last tuesday
like Dear MC, ward 37 mein mutation nahi hua past 2 weeks se apply kiya tha
basically it's been since 3 days and still at the naka ward 14 ka kuda uthao yaar sine 3 days se nahi utha Please take urgent action!!!
bhai nali choke ho gayi ward 5 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha This has been going on too long.
Respected officer, paid proprty tax ward 4 but receipt nt received This has been going on too long.
tbh hi, birth certificate not received ward no 6 office 3 din se This is ridiculous!
I mean it's been since 3 days and still it rained and entire road disappeared indiranagar only pits left We are very tired of this.
like hello sir, wator pipe cracked wardd 32 at the naka rood become muddy
Respected officer, water leakage in the bylane W-8 huge wastage please fix When will this be fixed??
you know street light wire hanging loose near the school ward 25 shock risk This is ridiculous!
basically road repair karo ward 48 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar When will this be fixed??
we the residents of w-5 want to say that garbaage truck not coming w-5 from last tuesday When will this be fixed??
bhai Hello sir, massive crater sized pothole at the naka ward no 18 sinc महीने भर से We are very tired of this.
basically pipe leaking w-9 at the corner road flooded When will this be fixed??
hi, pipe leaking outside at the corner ward 29 creating pothole also Kab tak wait karein???
ward 42 में स्ट्रीट लाइट since last night से बंद है रात में अंधेरा We are very tired of this.
basically we the residents of ward 3 want to say that wrad 3 mein mutation nahi hua since diwali se apply kiya tha We are very tired of this.
I mean Urgent complaint: municipal tanker not coming to ward 10 past 2 weeks Nobody is listening to us.
bhai URGENT complaint: many stray dogs wadr 14 in front of my building biting residents STILL not resolved!!!
like Respected officer, water filter getting choked daily Thane water very bad quality Nobody is listening to us.
like to whom it may concern, fire broke out opposite the hospital ward no 23 fire brigade delayed This is ridiculous!
hi, govandi mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua from 4 dyas se कब होगा काम???
u see this is to inform you that correction needed birth certificate dharavi wrong name spelled
hi, registered birth past 2 weeks but certificate not issued ward 14 This is ridiculous!
tbh i want to report that wator looks muddy wrad 39 near station past 6 hours कब होगा काम???
despite our previous complaints, tax notice aaya hai dharavi ka lekin payment ho chuki
hello sir, stray dogs not sterilized powai population increasing
I mean IT'S been since LAST month AND still building mein aag ward 36 jaldi aao Disgusting situation.
it's been past 2 weeks and still hadapsar mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
bhai This is to inform you that my baby born for 5 days certificate still not ready ward no 18 STILL not resolved!!!
yaar Hello sir, ward 16 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili Nobody is listening to us.
This is to inform you that pipe phoot gayi ward no 4 near the school mein paani beh raha hai
sir dear mc, ward 12 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
my SCOOTER fell in pothole wrd 36 NEAR station i GOT hurt STILL not resolved!!!
Urgent cmplt: mutation ka koi status nahi mila wardd no 14 ka
nali choke ho gayi koramangala ganda paani sadak pe aa raha We are very tired of this.
u see this is to inform you that building permission ke liye from 4 days wait kar raha hoon ward 21 Disgusting situation.
you know wardd no 3 office hi NAHI uthata PHONE TRADE license ke liye Kab tak wait karein???
basically I WANT to report that ward 11 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय from last tuesday से साफ नहीं हुआ
URGENT complaint: पड़ोसी ने SANTACRUZ में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली Please take urgent action!!!
like Hello sir, ward 13 at plot no 45 में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
we the residents of mulund want to say that online payment fail ho gayi mulund mein paise kat gaye
Respected officer, aaj fir gira mai ward 40 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche We are very tired of this.
This is to inform you that wardd 15 में मच्छरों की समस्या since diwali से है Disgusting situation.
bhai it's been for 5 days and still dog attack w-15 near the school child got bitten please help Kab tak wait karein???
bhai This is to inform you that meri beti ko dengue hua ward 32 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
despite our previous complains, raod pe gadd hai in the bylane w-7 bike wale girte hain
actually Respected officer, many stray dogs Vikhroli near the park biting residents This is ridiculous!
I want to report that BHARI water leakage AT plot no 45 sadak bhar gayi
hello sir, bhai ward no 12 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo This is ridiculous!
tbh we the residents of ward 10 want to say that ward 10 में behind the mall पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है कब होगा काम???
actually dear mc, major pipe burst opposite the hospital ward 29 water wasting This has been going on too long.
like hi, fire broke out opposite the hospital ward 38 fire brigade delayed
tbh पड़ोसी ने ward 38 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली
bhai Dear mc, no water since from 4 days in ward 2 when will tanker come
we the residents of powai want to say that big water leak powai since the monsoon nobody coming to fix
sir DEAR MC, applied trade license past 2 weeks ago wrad 15 still waiting We are very tired of this.
I mean Hello sir, tax notice came again even after paying ward 26 Disgusting situation.
urgent complaint: trade license ke liye since yesterday se wait kar raha hoon ward no 12 This is ridiculous!
basically It's been from 4 day and still 3 people in my building got dengue wadr no 13 plz spray STILL not resolved!!!
ward 30 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र for 5 days से नहीं मिला Very disappointed with MC.
sir road full of potholes ward 22 sine last month vehicles getting damaged
It's been from last tuesday and still paid property tax ward 44 but receipt noot received Kab tak wait karein???
I mean This is to inform you that NEW trade LICENSE not processed wrd no 9 past 6 hours
I mean we the residents of wrd no 25 want to say that garbage collector takes money still not collecting ward no 25 Disgusting situation.
yaar hello sir, new trade license not processed ward no 17 for 10 days We are very tired of this.
Hello sir, cylinder blast at the signal wrd 3 need immediate help
tbh this is to inform you that ward no 16 में near the market कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Please take urgent action!!!
tbh i want to report that w-10 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
I want to report that no water in ward no 7 since 3 days This is ridiculous!
To whom it may CONCERN, dog attack wardd no 7 near the temple CHILD got bitten please help STILL not resolved!!!
you know we the residents of wrd no 10 want to say that road tar came off since the rain ward no 10 only stones left
tbh Despite our PREVIOUS complaints, tap is dry wrd 32 over a FORTNIGHT please check the pipeline This is ridiculous!
like ward 48 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय from last tuesday से साफ नहीं हुआ कब होगा काम???
Despite our previous complaints, wrd no 19 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
like death registered but certiifcate pending w-3
sir Respected officer, wrong property tax assessment W-2 proerty कब होगा काम???
IT'S been from 4 days and STILL WADR 22 ka property tax bhar DIYA receipt nahi mili STILL not resolved!!!
I mean ward no 23 में कचरा गाड़ी महीने भर से से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है STILL not resolved!!!
you know Paani nahi aa raha ward no 27 mein since the rain se
you know road repair karo ward no 25 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar Please take urgent action!!!
bhai this is to inform you that ward 19 में behind the mall अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
despite our previous cmplts, w-15 mein paani band hai 1 hafte se se log taras rahe hain
like Despite our previous complains, ward no 28 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Kab tak wait karein???
urgent complaint: water not coming from tap in the bylane wardd no 2 This is ridiculous!
wardd 4 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete This is ridiculous!
I mean hello sir, stinking garbage pile near the school w-11 dogs spreading it everywhere Kab tak wait karein???
tbh fire at building wrd no 21 at the main road plz send fire engine
basically water not coming from tap in our colony ward 4 This has been going on too long.
bhai despite our previous complaints, pipe leaking outside near the temple ward no 25 creating pothole also
yaar This IS TO inform you THAT paani ki problem hai ward no 20 mein snce THE MONSOON se nala band hogaya Nobody is listening to us.
like APPLIED trade license from 4 days ago ward no 12 still waiting Nobody is listening to us.
like this is to inform you that tax notice came again even after paying ward 47 We are very tired of this.
actually it's been since last night and still cylinder blast near the park wadala need immediate help Disgusting situation.
basically to whom it may concern, at the corner ward no 14 ka kuda uthao yaar since 3 days se nahi utha Nobody is listening to us.
i want to report that daily water supply disrupted wrd no 21 past for 5 days pipeline blocked maybe Disgusting situation.
u see Respected officer, watr leakage near the temple mulund huge wastage please fix When will this be fixed??
Respected officer, darin blocked ward 14 at the signal sewage overflowing on road
sir Hello sir, ward 28 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain FOGGING karo We are very tired of this.
to whom it may concern, हमारे w-4 में past 2 weeks से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
yaar massive CRATER sized POTTHOLE near station ward no 1 SINCE महीने भर से
wardd no 11 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain past 2 weeks se bahut takleef This has been going on too long.
basically respected officer, no streetlight vile parle at the junction theft increasing Nobody is listening to us.
I want to REPORT that TAX notice AAYA hai ward no 2 ka LEKIN payment ho chuki When will this be fixed??
u see it's been 1 hafte se and still cylinder blast hua in the lane w-17 mein emergency
sir we the residents of ward 5 want to say that encroachment on footpath outside my house ward 5 pedestrians cant walk
hi, many stray dogs ward no 8 near the school biting residents We are very tired of this.
bhai hi, ward 31 office se birth certificate nahi mila past 6 hours se कब होगा काम???
you know to whom it may concern, garbage not collected ward 32 since last month unbearable smell Please take urgent action!!!
like we the residents of wadr no 15 want to say that wardd no 15 में कचरा गाड़ी from 4 days से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है Nobody is listening to us.
tbh This is to inform you that ward no 15 near the temple में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
basically Despite our previous complaints, tap is dry wrad 16 past 6 hours please check THE pipeline This has been going on too long.
hello sir, huge potholes near the park wrd 2 very dangerous Please take urgent action!!!
basically To whom it may concern, W-8 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein This has been going on too long.
despite our previous cmplts, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward 49 mein urgent karo
bhai new trade license nt processed w-1 sinc 3 days Disgusting situation.
like Dear mc, powai से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र sinc last month से नहीं मिला STILL not resolved!!!
actually Respected officer, W-8 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है We are very tired of this.
you know I want to report that near the temple ward 37 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding When will this be fixed??
basically Despite our previous complains, toilet gandy hai in our colony W-5 past 2 weeks se safai karo STILL not resolved!!!
u see to whom it may concern, w-7 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें Nobody is listening to us.
urgent complaint: rood repair karo ward 27 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
you know to whom it may concern, massive crater sized pothole behind the mall vikhroli since sinc the monsoon
like W-1 में near the SCHOOL कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध कब होगा काम???
tbh to whom it may concern, toilet always locked vikhroli near d-block useless facility This is ridiculous!
actually urgent complaint: public toilet govandi very dirty nto cleaned over a fortnight
actually Respected officer, KAL kutte ne kaata ek BACCHE ko W-10 mein urgent karo This is ridiculous!
yaar hi, road repair karo ward no 28 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar कब होगा काम???
this is to inform you that road broken badly karol bagh near the temple car tyres punctured 2 times Please take urgent action!!!
actually i want to report that toilet always locked wardd 48 at plot no 45 useless facility Please take urgent action!!!
yaar Respected officer, cylinder blast hua NEAR D-block wadr 14 mein emergency Very disappointed with MC.
u see This is to inform you that ward 19 at plot no 45 mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
like water leakage outside my house WARD 40 huge wastage please fix
you know wardd NO 10 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें This has been going on too long.
ward 8 में मच्छरों की समस्या since 3 days से है Please take urgent action!!!
you know It's been for 10 days and still ward 12 mein sadak pe bade KHADDE HAIN for 10 DAYS se bahut takleef This is ridiculous!
u see it's been past 6 hours and still santacruz mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain This is ridiculous!
hi, w-3 at the naka bina permission construction ho raha hai
sir hi, w-14 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
bhai water looks muddy w-12 near the market past 6 hours STILL not resolved!!!
Respected officer, property tax portal down cannot pay wrd 36
this is to inform you that gutter bhar gaya ward 16 mein log paani mein chal rahe This has been going on too long.
actually This is to inform you THAT नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward 30 में since DIWALI से
sir hello sir, aaj bhi sion mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo Kab tak wait karein???
you know we the residents of ward no 17 want to say that garbage lying on road ward no 17 since yesterday disease risk
actually urgent complaint: aaj bhi ward no 3 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
actually hi, bacche ka certificate nahi bana wadala mein past 2 weeks lag gaye
you know ward no 23 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें कब होगा काम???
I mean we the residents of wadr 6 want to say that bhari water leakage near station sadak bhar gayi
tbh all street lamps broken powai completely dark
i want to report that nahi aa rha paani ward no 28 mein please koi to suno
basically encroachment on footpath at the main road w-19 pedestrians cant walk Disgusting situation.
bhai I want to report THAT my building at THE corner ward no 7 has no WATEER from sine the monsoon what to do Disgusting situation.
I mean Hello sir, water leakage at the signal ward no 15 huge wastage please FIX STILL not resolved!!!
tbh This is to inform you that in our colony Mulund mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
you know Wrad no 15 में at the main raod पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है Very disappointed with MC.
bhai hello sir, waste not picked wardd no 29 near the park since yesterday piling up on road Kab tak wait karein???
tbh new trade license not processed w-14 since diwali Nobody is listening to us.
u see Hello sir, mosquito breeding open drain W-12 health risk Very disappointed with MC.
urgnt complaint: applied trade license महीने भर से ago wrd 32 still waiting Nobody is listening to us.
tbh wardd 43 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया We are very tired of this.
basically to whom it may concern, bhari water leakage at the junction sadak bhar gayi STILL not resolved!!!
Death registered but certificate pending w-19 Please take urgent action!!!
urgnt complaint: fire noc required Thane not getting it Very disappointed with MC.
tbh Despite our previous cmplts, brown water coming Matunga children getting sick STILL not resolved!!!
you know W-19 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
yaar To whom it MAY concern, ward 40 mein paani ka pipe snce 3 days SE leak ho raha hai When will this be fixed??
I mean hello sir, drain blocked ward no 27 in front of my building sewage overflowing on road Please take urgent action!!!
yaar I want to report that drain choked WADR 23 FOR 5 days FOUL smell health hazard This has been going on too long.
you know dear mc, applied birth cert ward 10 for the past week back no movement Disgusting situation.
birth certificate not received sion office since monday When will this be fixed??
yaar wrad 20 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है
basically brown water coming ward no 29 children getting sick कब होगा काम???
u see this is to inform you that pack of dogs chasing people w-18 very scary Kab tak wait karein???
basically i want to report that paani ki bohot problem hai at the signal mein ward no 3 ke andar
actually we the residents of ward 40 want to say that garbage wala nahi aaya wrd 40 at the junction snce last month se
basically this is to inform you that street light toot gayi in our colony ward 17 for the past week se When will this be fixed??
we the residents of w-17 want to say that w-17 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र past 2 weeks से नहीं मिला
basically hi, trade license ke liye since yesterday se wait kar raha hoon w-1 STILL not resolved!!!
It's been since last month AND still stray CATTLE blocking raod Laxmi NAGAR since last MONTH
basically tax demand notice for ward 27 but payment done sine 3 days ago कब होगा काम???
dear mc, paid some amount property tax but still showing dues wadr no 18 Kab tak wait karein???
you know to whom it may concern, ward 24 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय for 2 days से साफ नहीं हुआ
Dear MC, ward no 27 at the main road mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
basically it's been since last night and still birth certifcate not received w-12 office since last night
sir fire broke OUT at plot no 45 wadr no 17 fire brigade delayed
stray cattle blocking road ward 7 since 3 days This has been going on too long.
tbh neighbor built extra floor without permission WARD 25 We are very tired of this.
To whom it may concern, Hadapsar में मच्छरों की समस्या since the MONSOON से है
hi, mosquito breeding open drain w-10 health risk When will this be fixed??
basically Dear MC, potholes on main road ward 32 causing accidents since 3 days
like This is to inform you that cow SITTING on main road ward no 8 TRAFFIC BLOCKED When will this be fixed??
you know wardd 1 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
basically urgent complaint: applied birth cert andheri east for 2 days back no movement Very disappointed with MC.
like this is to inform you that my baby born since monday certificate still not ready borivali Disgusting situation.
it's been for 10 days and still mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani andheri east Please take urgent action!!!
sir we the residents of wardd 6 want to say that water pressure very low at the corner ward 6 sinc last month barely enough
sir paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward 43 colour bhi change hai Please take urgent action!!!
tbh we the residents of laxmi nagar want to say that trade license renewal pending for the past week shop laxmi nagar Disgusting situation.
this is to inform you that death registered but certificate pending ward 20 कब होगा काम???
u see despite our previous complaints, cow sitting on main road shivaji nagar traffic blocked Please take urgent action!!!
pipe toot gayi in our colony wrad no 15 ke paas jaldi aao We are very tired of this.
you know respected officer, powai में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है since morning से This is ridiculous!
it's been over a fortnight and still online property tax payment failed amount ₹12000 deducted chembur कब होगा काम???
tbh Despite our previous COMPLAINS, INDIRANAGAR में मच्छरों की समस्या महीने भर से से है This is ridiculous!
DENGUE cases increasing Thane stagnant WATER not removed Very disappointed with MC.
yaar Hello sir, wadr 1 में near the temple पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
bhai Safai nahi ho rahi wrad 24 since 3 dyas se kachra uthao na Very disappointed with MC.
Garbage not collected ward 20 since the rain unbearable smell
sir despite our previous complains, ward no 14 में कचरा गाड़ी since morning से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
manhole cover missing at the naka ward no 28 someone will fall
It's been for the past week and still online property tax payment failed amount ₹25000 deducted koramangala This has been going on too long.
Hello sir, illegal building ban raha hai W-8 mein rok do
actually Despite our previous complaints, OC application pending for 2 dyas ward no 14 office
Respected officer, garbage truck not coming Govandi since last month Disgusting situation.
actually urgent cmplt: waste not picked wadr 46 at the main road past 6 hours piling up on roda
We the residents of w-19 want to say that safai nahi ho rahi w-19 for 5 dayz se kachra uthao na
yaar applied for mutation since diwali no update ward 6 This is ridiculous!
sir i want to report that dustbin bhar gayi wrd 15 mein khali karo pls कब होगा काम???
bhai hello sir, near the market w-11 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
DEAR MC, water HAS weird smell and colour ward 35
Hello sir, public toilet ward no 23 very dirty noot cleaned for 10 day When will this be fixed??
basically to whom it may concern, no streetlight ward 6 at the naka theft increasing Kab tak wait karein???
sir URGENT complaint: illegall construction ward 15 near the temple without permission We are very tired of this.
like 1 light working out of 10 in ward no 18 rest all dead
actually We the residents of ward no 20 want to say that nullah blocked ward no 20 mosquito breeding happening STILL not resolved!!!
bhai to whom it may concern, borivali में मच्छरों की समस्या 3 din se से है
to whom it may concern, nullah blocked w-13 mosquito breeding happening When will this be fixed??
bhai ward no 28 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi
like despite our previous complaints, manhole cover missing opposite the hospital ward 36 someone will fall Kab tak wait karein???
It's been past 6 hours and still ward no 28 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo कब होगा काम???
like i want to report that w-3 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय since 3 dayz से साफ नहीं हुआ
I mean despite our previous complaints, dustbin overflowing ward 17 not emptied 3 din se
bhai i want to report that mosquito problem sion at the signal no fogging for 2 dyas This is ridiculous!
sir hello sir, road full of potholes w-18 since 3 days vehicles getting damaged We are very tired of this.
you know This is to inform YOU that bhai WARD no 23 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
basically this is to inform you that daily wateer supply disrupted wrd 36 past kaafi dino se pipeline blocked maybe
to whom it may concern, my shop has no license because w-13 office not responding
bhai Hello sir, online payment fail ho gayi ward no 29 mein paise kat gaye We are very tired of this.
yaar oc application pending for 2 days ward 26 office
sir wardd 47 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक कब होगा काम???
u see footpath pe encroachment hai behind the mall W-17 mein Disgusting situation.
despite our previous complaints, garbage collector takes money still nt collecting ward no 5 कब होगा काम???
no streetlight ward 14 near the temple theft increasing Nobody is listening to us.
tbh roda tar came off महीने भर से w-11 only stones left कब होगा काम???
you know raat KO constraction CHAL raha THA wrd 40 bina permission
Hello sir, ward no 9 office mein plan submit kiya kaafi dino se reply nahi This is ridiculous!
nullah blocked ward 19 mosquito breeding happening STILL not resolved!!!
urgent complaint: w-11 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for 2 days से लंबित है
basically it's been for the past week and still tax notice came again even after paying ward 34
sir small fire ward 16 at plot no 45 before it spreads please come
we the residents of matunga want to say that dustbin overflowing matunga not emptied since yesterday
hello sir, गड्ढे की वजह से ward 28 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
it's been for 2 days and still paani nahi aa raha w-10 mein for 2 days se This is ridiculous!
bhai it's been from 4 days and still toilet broken and stinking wrad 48 nobody cleaning Very disappointed with MC.
like dear mc, nullah blocked w-19 mosquito breeding happening
w-9 में नाली बंद है sinc monday से सड़क पर गंदा पानी Very disappointed with MC.
I mean This is to inform you that Sion में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं Kab tak wait karein???
it's been since the rain and still trade license renewal pending since the rain shop wrd no 17
you know I want to report that W-15 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया Very disappointed with MC.
Despite our previous complaints, property mutation not done ward 5 applied over a fortnight ago Disgusting situation.
actually this is to inform you that building mein aag ward no 17 jaldi aao Kab tak wait karein???
It's been since diwali and still toilet always locked wrd 18 near station useless facility We are very tired of this.
actually we the residents of ward no 25 want to say that wardd no 25 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
i want to report that ₹12000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai shivaji nagar Nobody is listening to us.
you know Dear MC, near station ward no 13 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है Kab tak wait karein???
like many stray dogs w-9 near d-block biting residents
u see ward 38 office hi NAHI UTHATA phone trade license KE liye Disgusting situation.
Respected officer, paani ki problem hai ward 32 mein since the monsoon se nala band hogaya STILL not resolved!!!
We the residents of w-16 want to say that w-16 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Disgusting situation.
basically Despite our previous complaints, wrad no 17 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया Please take urgent action!!!
i want to report that pipe leaking outside at the corner ward 32 creating pothole also
sir hi, ward 11 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
Despite our previous complaints, building plan submitted Chembur over a fortnight no response Very disappointed with MC.
sir waterlogging after rain ward 17 mosquito problem getting worse
u see Hello sir, cow sitting on main road ward 24 traffic blocked Kab tak wait karein???
I mean we called the grabage number 3 times ward no 16 no response STILL not resolved!!!
tbh we the residents of ward 25 want to say that brown water coming wardd 25 children getting sick
sir Urgent complaint: Hadapsar mein paani ka pipe महीने भर से se leak ho raha hai
tbh respected officer, w-1 at the junction mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi Very disappointed with MC.
bhai tax notice aaya hai W-2 ka lekin payment ho chuki
basically We the residents of ward 10 want to say that mom ko heart problem hai isliye URGENT chahiye paani ward 10
bhai hi, pack of dogs chasing people w-5 very scary
like It's been past 6 hours and still 3 people in my building got dengue W-15 please spray
stray dogs not sterilized wadr 38 population increasing We are very tired of this.
you know to whom it may concern, ward no 6 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Please take urgent action!!!
I mean Despite our previous complaints, kachra nahi utha ward 6 mein from 4 days se bahut badbu Please take urgent action!!!
basically we r not getting wateer malviya nagar 4 since diwali wat is happening When will this be fixed??
I mean it's been since yesterday and still correction needed birth certificate matunga wrong name spelled Disgusting situation.
sir hi, wadr 41 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua for the past week se कब होगा काम???
dear mc, fire broke out near d-block w-8 fire brigade delayed This is ridiculous!
sir to whom it may concern, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward 32 में from last tuesday से
hello sir, कचरेवाले को बुलाया wrd no 17 में पर कोई नहीं आया Please take urgent action!!!
despite our previous complaints, cylinder blast in the lane ward no 10 need immediate help कब होगा काम???
u see despite our previous complaints, property tax portal down cannot pay ward 21 This is ridiculous!
sir This IS to inform you that COMMENCEMENT certficate not RECEIVED ward no 15 despite approval This has been going on too long.
It's been since yesterday and still water has WEIRD smell and COLOUR ward 49 Kab tak wait karein???
कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 8 में पर कोई नहीं आया Disgusting situation.
dear mc, ward no 14 office mein plan submit kiya past 6 hours reply nahi Nobody is listening to us.
urgent complaint: w-6 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय sinc last night से साफ नहीं हुआ
actually online property tax payment failed amount ₹3500 deducted ward 14
bhai despite our previous complaints, paani nahi aa raha w-19 mein महीने भर से se
tax notice came AGAIN EVEN after paying ward 48 Kab tak wait karein???
I mean Hi, mutation ka koi status nahi mila W-19 ka Kab tak wait karein???
Wadala mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
no public toilet ward no 9 near D-block open defecation happening We are very tired of this.
u see Tax notice came again even after paying wadr no 20
HELLO SIR, mutation request PENDING ward 47 SINCE 3 dyas please process This is ridiculous!
basically Hi, no water in ward NO 16 for 5 days Very disappointed with MC.
basically wardd 24 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai STILL not resolved!!!
u see wator supply stopped ward 12 since diwali residents suffering badly This has been going on too long.
urgent complaint: tax demand notice for indiranagar but payment done sinc morning ago This has been going on too long.
opposite the hospital ward 31 ka kuda uthao yaar kaafi dino se se nahi utha We are very tired of this.
actually hi, need death certificate urgently ward 48 for insurance Disgusting situation.
ward 25 in the bylane nali band hai महीने भर से se badbu aa rahi
it's been since 3 days and still stray cattle blocking road wrd no 21 since 3 day When will this be fixed??
urgent complaint: ward 11 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua past 2 weeks se
respected officer, wardd 6 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Nobody is listening to us.
sir despite our previous complaints, पड़ोसी ने ward no 13 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली Nobody is listening to us.
yaar Urgent complaint: unauthorized building ward 18 please stop
I mean Borivali mein DEATH certificate nahi MILA kaafi dino se se urgent hai Please take urgent action!!!
hi, drain choked w-9 from last tuesday foul smell health hazard STILL not resolved!!!
hi, street ligth not working ward no 28 near the temple past 6 hours very dark at night Disgusting situation.
actually It's been from 4 days and still my building in front of my building ward 47 has no water from from 4 dyas what to do
I mean It's BEEN since yesterday and STILL correction needed birth certificate ward 37 wrong name spelled
you know Gutter bhar gaya w-9 mein log paani mein chal rahe
yaar neighbor built extra floor without permission ward 45 Disgusting situation.
actually this is to inform you that w-1 में since morning से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Disgusting situation.
bhai I want to report that nali choke ho gayi W-14 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha Kab tak wait karein???
bhai road condition pathetic ward 26 multiple potholes for 2 dayz
we the residents of malviya nagar want to say that need death certificate urgently malviya nagar for insurance
URGENT COMPLAIN: drain choked Kurla since monday foul smell health hazard
yaar hi, drainn blocked ward 10 at the main road sewage overflowing on road When will this be fixed??
I mean Dear MC, mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward no 12 This has been going on too long.
yaar Wadr 7 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है When will this be fixed??
basically urgnt complaint: Powai in the lane mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao Nobody is listening to us.
bhai Dear MC, no public toilet Karol Bagh at the CORNER open DEFECATION happening
Hello sir, naam galat likha hai certficate mein w-3 ka This is ridiculous!
bhai municipal tanker not coming to vile parle snce morning कब होगा काम???
yaar Hi, wrong property tax assessment wardd 24 property Please take urgent action!!!
building mein aag ward 6 jaldi aao STILL not resolved!!!
bhai Hi, construction waste dumped on road ward no 27 by builder
We the residents of ward 16 want to say that ward 16 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi When will this be fixed??
basically to whom it may concern, ward 16 में मच्छरों की समस्या since last night से है
sir Respected officer, mosquito problem W-10 behind the mall no fogging since yesterday
respected officer, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai hadapsar colour bhi change hai
yaar hi, it rained and entire road disappeared ward no 14 only pits left
respected officer, shivaji nagar ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega कब होगा काम???
yaar urgent complaint: near the school ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya mulund mein for 2 days se When will this be fixed??
sir NEAR D-block wrad no 23 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding This is ridiculous!
actually this is to inform you that huge potholes near station wrd no 29 very dangerous
sir It's been sinc last month and still unauthorized building ward no 4 plz stop Please take urgent action!!!
garbaage not colected borivali sinc monday unbearable smell
like We the residents of W-9 want to say that garbage lying on roda W-9 since morning disease risk This has been going on too long.
u see this is to inform you that no water in vikhroli महीने भर से
open manhole at the junction ward 9 very dangerous especially at night We are very tired of this.
bhai To whom it may CONCERN, birth CERTIFICATE not RECEIVED WARD no 22 office महीने भर से This has been going on too long.
tbh dirty smelly wter supply Pimpri for 10 day health risk
it's been 1 hafte se and still open manhole at the naka malviya nagar very dangerous especially at night
this is to inform you that major pipe burst near d-block karol bagh water wasting Nobody is listening to us.
Dear mc, daily water supply disrupted w-4 past 1 hafte se pipeline blocked maybe STILL not resolved!!!
I want to report that building mein aag W-8 jaldi aao
like Dear MC, paani ki bohot problem hai near the market mein W-15 ke andar We are very tired of this.
I mean Despite our previous complaints, wrd no 26 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए When will this be fixed??
you know HELLO sir, fire noc required ward 7 NOOT GETTING it This is ridiculous!
actually respected officer, water leakage near d-block shivaji nagar huge wastage please fix
u see this is to inform you that nahi aa rha paani ward 41 mein plz koi to suno When will this be fixed??
like street light wire hanging loose in the lane wardd no 25 shock risk
i want to report that sion में मच्छरों की समस्या 3 din se से है When will this be fixed??
tbh hi, birth certificate not received ward 21 office since morning
hi, online property tax payment failed amount some amount deducted wrad no 13
i want to report that borivali में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक STILL not resolved!!!
despite our previous complaints, building plan submitted w-7 for 5 days no response This is ridiculous!
stinking garbage pile at the corner wardd 23 dogs spreading it everywhere
this is to inform you that people dumping garbage near the market malviya nagar very unhygienic This has been going on too long.
yaar Hi, builder started work at night ward 29 in our colony no permission When will this be fixed??
basically dear mc, road condition pathetic shivaji nagar multiple potholes from 4 days
yaar to whom it may concern, ward 35 में outside my house के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक
you know it's been over a fortnight and still tap is dry w-12 over a fortnight please check the pipeline
I mean water has weird smell and colour andheri east
bhai i want to report that main pipeline burst ward no 3 water gushing out since morning This has been going on too long.
bhai Respected officer, building mein aag ward 3 jaldi aao Very disappointed with MC.
To whom it may concern, it rained and entire road disappeared wrad 9 only pits left Kab tak wait karein???
my scooter fell in pothole vikhroli outside my house i got hurt
basically To whom it may concern, Borivali में सार्वजनिक शौचालय since last night से साफ नहीं हुआ
like water looks muddy w-13 in the lane past 6 hours Disgusting situation.
yaar death certificate nto issued W-5 office since yesterday
basically urgent complaint: drainage overflow during rain ward 39 flooding streets Disgusting situation.
tap is dry ward 36 for 2 day please check the pipeline This is ridiculous!
bhai Dear MC, road dug up for construction never repaired Pimpri from last tuesday Very disappointed with MC.
basically this is to inform you that gutter bhar gaya wrad 32 mein log paani mein chal rahe We are very tired of this.
yaar i want to report that dharavi at plot no 45 nali band hai snce last month se badbu aa rahi
This is to inform YOU that paid PROPETY tax ward no 14 but RECEIPT nt received We are very tired of this.
basically Respected officer, building plan submitted Pimpri past 6 hours no response
tbh ward 22 में behind the mall पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
कचरेवाले को बुलाया andheri east में पर कोई नहीं आया
sir Hello SIR, illegal BUILDING ban raha hai Vikhroli MEIN ROK do This has been going on too long.
basically i want to report that water filter getting choked daily ward no 28 water very bad quality This is ridiculous!
u see Hello sir, kachra nahi utha Bandra West mein for the past week se bahut badbu
yaar hi, ward 5 में near the school अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है When will this be fixed??
I mean urgent cmplt: near the temple wadala mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding
it's been since 3 dayz and still baarish ke baad drain overflow ward no 6 mein road nahi dikh raha Kab tak wait karein???
tbh I want to report that paid property tax wrad 36 but receipt nto received
you know kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward no 27 mein urgent karo STILL not resolved!!!
I want to report that construction waste DUMPED on road W-14 by builder
stray dogs not sterilized indiranagar population increasing STILL not resolved!!!
this is to inform you that dustbin overflowing ward 14 not emptied over a fortnight Very disappointed with MC.
Mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward no 23 ka Kab tak wait karein???
bhai hi, road condition pathetic vikhroli multiple potholes since morning
i want to report that matunga near the park nali band hai for 2 days se badbu aa rahi Very disappointed with MC.
sir Urgent complaint: wrong proprty tax assessment ward 40 property
I mean dear mc, registered birth sine the rain but certificate not issued ward 10 STILL not resolved!!!
u see raat ko construction chal raha tha Thane bina permission Kab tak wait karein???
actually i want to report that vile parle ki raod bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Disgusting situation.
sir i want to report that stray dogs not sterilized w-12 population increasing
like to whom it may concern, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward 37 colour bhi change hai
basically It's been for the past week and still all street lamps broken W-13 completely dark Kab tak wait karein???
hi, paani ki problem hai ward no 8 mein sine yesterday se nala band hogaya कब होगा काम???
sir hello sir, commencement certiifcate not received ward 41 despite approval
tbh to whom it may concern, near the park w-6 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko STILL not resolved!!!
major pipe burst near station ward 24 wator wasting We are very tired of this.
u see it's been 3 din se and still gutter overflow ward 47 people walking in waste wateer Kab tak wait karein???
i want to report that borivali mein sadak pe bade khadde hain snce the monsoon se bahut takleef Nobody is listening to us.
yaar Respected officer, bhai wadr 1 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo This has been going on too long.
basically Despite our PREVIOUS complaints, W-6 mein paani band hai since 3 DAYS se log taras rahe HAIN
basically hi, laxmi nagar में मच्छरों की समस्या from last tuesday से है When will this be fixed??
Dear MC, propety tax portal down cannot pay ward 14
sir to whom it may concern, ward 19 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Nobody is listening to us.
actually i want to report that daily water supply disrupted w-9 past since 3 dyas pipeline blocked maybe कब होगा काम???
like Hi, ward 37 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi Kab tak wait karein???
sir stray cattle blocking road w-12 since the rain We are very tired of this.
actually Hi, near station ward 29 ka kuda uthao yaar sine diwali se nahi utha
I mean DESPITE our previous complains, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward 48 में PAST 2 weeks से Nobody is listening to us.
To whom it may concern, ward 26 mein GANDA paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi This is ridiculous!
basically I want to report that W-18 behind the mall mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi Please take urgent action!!!
you know fire broke out opposite the hospital ward 6 fire brigade delayed
Urgent complain: KACHRA NAHI UTHA W-18 MEIN 1 hafte SE SE bahut badbu This is ridiculous!
basically ward no 27 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है This has been going on too long.
basically w-6 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua snce diwali se We are very tired of this.
actually ward 34 की सड़क की हालत खराब है past 6 hours से मरम्मत नहीं
Respected officer, ward 43 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Kab tak wait karein???
yaar We the residents of ward 6 want to say that waterlogging after rain wadr 6 mosquito problem getting worse
I mean Wardd no 5 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi
like DESPITE OUR previous cmplts, wrad 39 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है
fire at building ward 43 opposite the hospital please send fire engine
yaar stray dogs not sterilized W-2 population increasing
tbh Despite our previous complaints, WARD 30 में past 6 hours से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
no wter since from last tuesday in borivali when will tanker come कब होगा काम???
andheri east में व्यापार लाइसेंस since last month से लंबित है Nobody is listening to us.
hello sir, supply cut without notice ward no 5 from last tuesday कब होगा काम???
actually I want to report that applied trade license 3 din se ago ward 16 still waiting This has been going on too long.
like It's been for the past week and still ward 34 office mein plan submit kiya for the past week reply nahi
actually Road condition pathetic w-1 multiple potholes snce the monsoon Disgusting situation.
yaar online property tax payment FAILED amount ₹8500 deducted ward 12 Kab tak wait karein???
Respected OFFICER, ₹12000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 12 When will this be fixed??
we the residents of ward 47 want to say that ward 47 mein lgiht nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
bhai We the residents of ward 35 want to say that we r not getting water wrad 35 4 since last night wat is happening This has been going on too long.
u see I WANT to report that ward 44 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है 1 hafte se से This has been going on too long.
you know To whom it may concern, pipe leaking wrad no 6 at plot no 45 roda flooded Please take urgent action!!!
Despite OUR previous complaints, no response TO building permission application W-10 since diwali Kab tak wait karein???
u see to whom it may concern, road dug up for constuction never repaired chembur past 6 hours When will this be fixed??
you know i want to report that fire at building ward 33 in the bylane pls send fire engine Kab tak wait karein???
to whom it may concern, w-17 office mein plan submit kiya sine 3 days reply nahi Please take urgent action!!!
sir despite our previous complaints, wardd 28 में near the park के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक Very disappointed with MC.
you know dear mc, pipe leaking outside at the signal ward 44 creating phole also
u see I want to report that WARD 48 में near D-BLOCK के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक This is ridiculous!
you know respected officer, huge potholes outside my house ward no 4 very dangerous Please take urgent action!!!
yaar this is to inform you that birth certificate not received ward no 21 office since the monsoon
hello sir, brown water coming ward 24 children getting sick This has been going on too long.
it's been since the rain and still online property tax payment failed amount ₹25000 deducted karol bagh Very disappointed with MC.
bhai it's been since the monsoon and still massive crater sized pothole behind the mall ward 34 sinc since the monsoon Nobody is listening to us.
tbh this is to inform you that malviya nagar में भवन निर्माण अनुमति महीने भर से से लंबित है Disgusting situation.
hello sir, tax notice came again even after paying ward no 20 STILL not resolved!!!
bhai To whom it may concern, ward no 20 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
We the residents OF ward no 25 WANT to say that unauthorized building WARD no 25 plz STOP STILL not resolved!!!
kab aayega paani ward no 26 mein itna wait kar rahe hain This has been going on too long.
bhai 3 people in my building got dengue karol bagh pls spray Please take urgent action!!!
to whom it may concern, builder ne maal near the park mulund road pe daal diya hata do Please take urgent action!!!
you know urgent complaint: stray cattle blocking road ward no 3 since morning Disgusting situation.
it's been from 4 days and still we called the garbaje number 3 times wrad 6 no response
Urgent complaint: stinking garbage pile near station Sion dogs spreading it everywhere कब होगा काम???
u see Hi, we r not getting water ward 15 4 1 hafte se wat is happening This has been going on too long.
Respected officer, wrad 28 near station mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi We are very tired of this.
I want to report that drain blocked ward 8 at the naka sewage overflowing on road When will this be fixed??
tbh despite our previous complaints, wrd 12 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi STILL not resolved!!!
water leakage at the naka ward 22 huge wastage please fix Nobody is listening to us.
actually we the residents of wadala want to say that stinking garbage pile in the bylane wadala dogs spreading it everywhere
कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 45 में पर कोई नहीं आया
u see we the residents of ward 25 want to say that ward 25 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति for 10 days से बाधित है
To whom it may concern, toilet broken and stinking ward 9 nobody cleaning STILL not resolved!!!
you know hi, ward no 7 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति since diwali से लंबित है
tbh Respected officer, builder ne maal outside my house ward no 19 road pe daal diya hata do Kab tak wait karein???
waterlogging after rain ward 38 MOSQUITO problem GETTING worse Please take urgent action!!!
yaar it's been 1 hafte se and still paani ki bohot problem hai near station mein ward no 21 ke andar कब होगा काम???
like hi, water pipe cracked indiranagar near the temple road become muddy
basically drainage overflow during rain W-19 flooding streets Very disappointed with MC.
Hello sir, कचरेवाले को बुलाया Indiranagar में पर कोई नहीं आया We are very tired of this.
tbh this is to inform you that manhole cover missing near sector 7 w-15 someone will fall Please take urgent action!!!
actually respected officer, trade license ke liye from 4 dayz se wait kar raha hoon w-2 Kab tak wait karein???
like hello sir, dog attack ward 15 in our colony child got bitten please help
Supply cut without notice ward no 24 for the past week This is ridiculous!
sir i want to report that pack of dogs chasing people ward no 24 very scary
I mean i want to report that my area w-16 has not seen garbage van since since last night Disgusting situation.
bhai it's been since 3 dyas and still wrong property tax assessment ward 9 property We are very tired of this.
I mean no water in wrad 48 over a FORTNIGHT
hi, huge potholes in our colony wrd no 15 very dangerous STILL not resolved!!!
actually respected officer, street ligth toot gayi at the naka ward no 23 3 din se se कब होगा काम???
actually i want to report that building mein aag wardd no 14 jaldi aao Disgusting situation.
urgnt complaint: dustbin overflowing ward no 16 not emptied sine the monsoon Nobody is listening to us.
Respected officer, malviya nagar mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe कब होगा काम???
like nahi aa rha paani ward 2 mein please KOI to suno
u see 3 people in my building got dengue ward 25 please spray
basically to whom it may concern, meri beti ko dengue hua ward no 6 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua Nobody is listening to us.
you know dear mc, pipe leaking karol bagh near the temple road flooded
tbh hello sir, garbage lying on road ward 15 from last tuesday disease risk We are very tired of this.
Hi, proprty mutation not done W-17 applied 3 din se ago Very disappointed with MC.
like hi, ward no 21 in our colony bina permission construction ho raha hai
VIKHROLI mein mutation nahi HUA since the monsoon se APPLY kiya tha कब होगा काम???
you know manhole cover missing at the NAKA Borivali someone will fall
waste not picked wrd 49 near the temple since the monsoon piling up on raod
basically no public toilet pimpri at plot no 45 open defecation happening Nobody is listening to us.
this is to inform you that applied birth cert shivaji nagar since diwali back no movement STILL not resolved!!!
tbh पड़ोसी ने Vile Parle में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली When will this be fixed??
urgent cmplt: 1 light working out of 10 in ward no 22 rest all dead Please take urgent action!!!
sir urgent complaint: we r not getting water santacruz 4 since morning wat is happening Kab tak wait karein???
u see hello sir, my baby born since last night certificate still not ready vikhroli Very disappointed with MC.
hi, पड़ोसी ने ward no 2 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली Kab tak wait karein???
yaar I WANT TO report THAT trade license KE liye since THE MONSOON SE wait kar raha hoon wadr no 15 Nobody is listening to us.
building mein aag w-3 jaldi aao Disgusting situation.
i want to report that santacruz में sinc monday से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
tbh i want to report that near d-block ward no 11 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है कब होगा काम???
ward 31 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
wateer looks muddy ward 7 at the main road from last tuesday When will this be fixed??
I want to report that w-11 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain from last tuesday se bahut takleef
bhai it's been since monday and still applied trade license since monday ago ward 47 still waiting This is ridiculous!
urgnt complaint: many stray dogs pimpri at the corner biting residents Please take urgent action!!!
bhai Respected officer, W-16 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है 1 hafte se से
bhai waste nt picked malviya nagar near the school from last tuesday piling up on road Very disappointed with MC.
respected officer, पड़ोसी ने ward 28 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली When will this be fixed??
basically i want to report that drainage overflow during rain thane flooding streets कब होगा काम???
Hi, road repair karo W-3 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar Nobody is listening to us.
it's been for 5 day and still water from tap ward 24 yellow coloured noot drinkable
I mean Respected officer, water filter getting choked daily Pimpri water very bad quality This has been going on too long.
u see Despite our previous complaints, oc application pending for 2 dyas W-16 office STILL not resolved!!!
basically This is to inform you that tax demand notice for wadr no 2 but payment done since the rain ago This is ridiculous!
actually Hello sir, applied for mutation past 6 hours no update wrd 1 We are very tired of this.
tbh it's been since yesterday and still wrad 43 में near sector 7 के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक We are very tired of this.
Respected officer, unauthorized building WARD no 12 plese stop
I mean ward 3 में near the temple कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Disgusting situation.
actually it's been from 4 days and still mosquito breeding open drain wrd no 27 health risk STILL not resolved!!!
like dear mc, ilegal dump in our colony ward 7 flies mosquitoes everywhere
To WHOM it may CONCERN, SUPPLY CUT WITHOUT notice wrad no 16 since diwali कब होगा काम???
tbh we the residents of wrad 6 want to say that wrad 6 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं कब होगा काम???
I want to REPORT that online PAYMENT fail HO gayi W-10 mein paise kat GAYE
bhai respected officer, raod broken badly ward 30 in front of my building car tyres punctured 2 times Please take urgent action!!!
This is to inform you that W-14 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua since the rain se Very disappointed with MC.
Hi, maa ka certificate chahiye Indiranagar office se for 10 dyas ho gaye This is ridiculous!
Dear mc, mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward 31 ka Kab tak wait karein???
bhai we the residents of matunga want to say that builder started work at night matunga near sector 7 no permission कब होगा काम???
you know Despite our previous complaints, dog attack ward no 19 behind the mall child got bitten plz help Very disappointed with MC.
yaar garbage collector takes money still not collecting ward no 21 कब होगा काम???
you know hi, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward 39 mein urgent karo When will this be fixed??
tbh powai near the park में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
actually open manhole opposite the hospital kurla very dangerous especially at night Kab tak wait karein???
entire W-3 in darkness after 9pm for 10 days
yaar Hi, some amount bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai chembur
you know HI, ROAD CONDITION pathetic ward 39 multiple potholes since diwali
despite our previous complains, wardd 30 ki ligt band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
bhai dear mc, w-1 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
basically hello sir, we called the garbage number 3 times w-8 no response Kab tak wait karein???
sir Dear MC, darin choked ward no 21 since diwali foul smell health hazard Nobody is listening to us.
this is to inform you that mosquito problem wadala at the main road no fogging sinc the rain
I mean daily water supply disrupted ward no 18 past 3 din se pipeline blocked maybe
bhai we the residents of ward no 25 want to say that dirty smelly water supply ward no 25 since last night health risk
dharavi में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है When will this be fixed??
like it's been since the monsoon and still garbage truck nt coming ward 7 since the monsoon
Despite our previous complaints, my scooter fell in pothole ward 23 at the naka i got hurt
Water pressure very low in the bylane ward no 4 since monday barely enough We are very tired of this.
I mean Respected officer, w-11 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo कब होगा काम???
like it's been past 2 weeks and still baarish ke baad drain overflow w-10 mein road nahi dikh raha Very disappointed with MC.
u see WE the RESIDENTS OF Pimpri want to say that street light toot GAYI near station Pimpri for 5 day se Kab tak wait karein???
yaar hello sir, garbaage truck not coming vile parle for the past week Kab tak wait karein???
bhai drain choked ward 40 over a fortnight foul smell health hazard
you know hello sir, open manhole near the park wrad 33 very dangerous especially at night When will this be fixed??
urgent complain: my area w-9 has not seen garbage van since since the rain
you know to whom it may concern, it rained and entire roda disappeared ward no 12 only pits left
actually stinking garbage pile near the temple wadr no 21 dogs spreading it everywhere
w-13 mein paani band hai since the rain se log taras rahe hain
urgent complaint: malviya nagar में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
Hi, manhole open hai at plot no 45 koi gir jayega plese cover lagao
This is to inform you that MUTATION request pending ward 49 for THE PAST week please process Nobody is listening to us.
we r not getting watr wardd no 12 4 from 4 days wat is happening Disgusting situation.
it's been snce morning and still गड्ढे की वजह से ward 46 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा We are very tired of this.
hello sir, nahi aa rha paani ward 38 mein please koi to suno STILL not resolved!!!
Urgent complaint: small fire ward no 18 at the main road before it spreads plese come
tbh malaria fear ward no 15 drain not cleaned from 4 days Kab tak wait karein???
despite our previous complaints, ward no 4 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय from last tuesday से साफ नहीं हुआ STILL not resolved!!!
despite our previous complaints, manhole open hai in our colony koi gir jayega please cover lagao STILL not resolved!!!
like correction needed birth certificate w-5 wrong name spelled This is ridiculous!
I mean respected officer, road pe gadd hai in our colony ward no 4 bike wale girte hain
urgent complaint: building plan submitted govandi over a fortnight no response Please take urgent action!!!
actually malaria fear ward 15 drain not cleaned sinc last night When will this be fixed??
basically this is to inform you that fire at building wardd no 19 at plot no 45 plese send fire engine This is ridiculous!
Hi, we called the garbage number 3 times ward 10 no response Disgusting situation.
birth certificate not received W-7 office snce diwali Disgusting situation.
hello sir, cylinder blast hua at the signal malviya nagar mein emergency Disgusting situation.
like i want to report that all street lamps broken wardd no 13 completely dark
actually Hello SIR, applied birth CERT ward 46 from 4 DAYS back no movement
I mean despite our previous complains, wardd 31 में behind the mall कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध
sir wrad 30 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
tbh respected officer, ward 31 में near the school कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Disgusting situation.
I mean hello sir, ward 38 में कचरा गाड़ी past 6 hours से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
It's been since yesterday and still street light wire hanging loose at plot no 45 ward no 15 shock risk We are very tired of this.
Hello sir, water has weird smell and colour ward 36
sir dear mc, koramangala mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi This has been going on too long.
yaar despite our previous cmplts, dirty smelly water supply wrad 10 for 5 days health risk
this is to inform you that w-16 में near d-block कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध कब होगा काम???
To whom it may concern, ward no 13 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Nobody is listening to us.
you know it's been since last night and still online property tax payment failed amount ₹3500 deducted ward 40 This has been going on too long.
u see Hello sir, builder started work at night wrd 31 opposite the hospital no permission
basically Urgent complaint: MASSIVE crater SIZED pothole at the junction W-2 snce since YESTERDAY Very disappointed with MC.
like i want to report that new trade license not processed mulund for 5 days STILL not resolved!!!
This is TO inform you THAT MUNICIPAL tanker nto coming to wardd no 17 1 hafte se कब होगा काम???
We the residents of ward no 19 want to say that ward no 19 में in our colony अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है Disgusting situation.
u see i want to report that people dumping garbge outside my house wrd 10 very unhygienic When will this be fixed??
you know meri beti ko dengue hua ward 21 mein ab bhi kuch NAHI hua When will this be fixed??
yaar to whom it may concern, mosquito problem wrd 5 near the market no fogging for 5 days Nobody is listening to us.
yaar respected officer, ward 48 में since monday से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Kab tak wait karein???
पड़ोसी ने wadr 32 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली
my area Chembur has noot seen garbage van snce since the monsoon When will this be fixed??
Dear MC, dengue cases increasing ward no 17 stagnant watr not removed When will this be fixed??
u see respected officer, potholes on main road ward 13 causing accidents from 4 day Nobody is listening to us.
Ward 5 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi
actually we the residents of w-8 want to say that big water leak w-8 past 6 hours nobody coming to fix This is ridiculous!
actually commencement certificate nto received ward 19 despite approval
actually hello sir, wardd 49 behind the mall mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi
like We the residents OF ward 32 want to say THAT bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward 32 mein from last tuesday lag gaye Nobody is listening to us.
tbh It's been kaafi dino se and still wter pipe cracked ward 35 in the bylane road become muddy
this is to inform you that we r nt getting water malviya nagar 4 since diwali wat is happening STILL not resolved!!!
basically Dear MC, KACHRA gaadi aayi HI nahi Bandra West ME since morning se कब होगा काम???
you know despite our previous complains, mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward 41 ka STILL not resolved!!!
basically stray cattle blocking road ward 20 sine yesterday Disgusting situation.
actually i want to report that pothole near the school ward 7 bike accident happened yesterday Kab tak wait karein???
actually it's been 1 hafte se and still pipe leaking outside at the signal w-1 creating pothole also
u see it's been past 6 hours and still road repair karo ward 44 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
like W-2 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है
hi, no water sinc past 6 hours in ward no 3 when will tanker come STILL not resolved!!!
actually it's been past 2 weeks and still my building at plot no 45 ward 5 has no water from past 2 weeks what to do Please take urgent action!!!
I mean this is to inform you that encroachment on footpath at the corner andheri east pedestrians cant walk
1 light working out of 10 in chembur rest all dead STILL not resolved!!!
tbh to whom it may concern, wadr 1 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए When will this be fixed??
It's been since diwali and still ward no 25 in our colony mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao Please take urgent action!!!
bhai This is to inform you that dustbin overflowing Hadapsar not emptied महीने भर से
nahi aa rha paani vikhroli mein please koi to suno We are very tired of this.
u see This is to inform you THAT W-17 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली कब होगा काम???
basically ₹12000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 16
u see respected officer, dustbin overflowing ward no 4 not emptied for 2 dayz
bhai dear mc, ward 5 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Disgusting situation.
Hello sir, near the school ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward no 19 mein past 2 weeks se When will this be fixed??
bhai I want to REPORT that ward 7 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है STILL not resolved!!!
i want to report that stinking garbage pile near the market ward 5 dogs spreading it everywhere Please take urgent action!!!
tbh cow sitting on main road ward no 23 traffic blocked STILL not resolved!!!
Dear mc, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai w-17 colour bhi change hai
actually respected officer, road broken badly ward 41 near the park car tyres punctured 2 times When will this be fixed??
We the residents of ward 33 want to say that builder started work at night ward 33 near D-block no PERMISSION
yaar Urgent complaint: we called the garbaje number 3 times W-2 no response Please take urgent action!!!
yaar death certificate not issued W-2 office for 10 days
hi, building mein aag ward 4 jaldi aao When will this be fixed??
you know to whom it may concern, ward 48 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain We are very tired of this.
sir teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward no 14 ka kuda uthane
yaar respected officer, illegal building ban raha hai ward 36 mein rok do
my shop has no license because laxmi nagar office not responding
sir despite our previous complaints, open manhole outside my house wardd no 11 very dangerous especially at night Please take urgent action!!!
basically hi, costrution without plan approval ward 36 When will this be fixed??
u see street lgiht not working ward 36 near the park from last tuesday very dark at night कब होगा काम???
yaar it's been over a fortnight and still matunga office se birth certificate nahi mila over a fortnight se When will this be fixed??
tbh water has weird smell and colour ward 49
u see we the residents of ward 22 want to say that cow sitting on main road wadr 22 traffic blocked Please take urgent action!!!
actually Respected officer, no water since since diwali in ward 40 when will tanker come When will this be fixed??
u see respected officer, w-18 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
urgent complain: stray dogs not sterilized wardd no 25 population increasing
trade license renewal pending since morning shop ward no 21 कब होगा काम???
you know dog attack w-17 opposite the hospital child got bitten please help Kab tak wait karein???
actually urgent complaint: road full of potholes ward no 5 for 5 days vehicles getting damaged
hi, kachra nahi utha shivaji nagar mein since morning se bahut badbu
This is to inform you that paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward 4 colour bhi change hai कब होगा काम???
sir I want to report that gaaye sadak pe khadi hain wardd 42 traffic jam ho raha
you know paani ki problem hai ward 28 mein over a fortnight se nala band hogaya This is ridiculous!
stray cattle blocking rood karol bagh sinc diwali Please take urgent action!!!
Dear MC, in the lane ward 37 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain RAAT ko
u see no streetlight ward no 12 at the corner theft increasing
nahi aa rha paani wardd 39 mein plese koi to suno Kab tak wait karein???
sir we the residents of w-14 want to say that fire noc required w-14 not getting it Very disappointed with MC.
actually despite our previous complaints, road condition pathetic ward 23 multiple potholes for the past week Very disappointed with MC.
Despite our previous complaints, TRADE license ke liye FROM 4 days se WAIT kar raha hoon ward 47 This has been going on too long.
u see hello sir, wateer leakage near d-block sion huge wastage pleese fix
cylinder blast hua near sector 7 wrd 31 mein emergency Please take urgent action!!!
despite our previous complaints, गड्ढे की वजह से wardd 42 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा कब होगा काम???
I mean we the residents of ward no 3 want to say that potholes on main rood wadr no 3 causing accidents past 6 hours We are very tired of this.
ward no 20 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Kab tak wait karein???
ward 18 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain STILL not resolved!!!
Urgent complaint: govandi में व्यापार लाइसेंस since 3 days से लंबित है Kab tak wait karein???
Despite our previous complains, wadr 39 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua sinc the monsoon se
bhai dear mc, no streetlight ward no 4 near the school theft increasing We are very tired of this.
you know paani mein mitti aa rahi hai w-8 colour bhi change hai
bhai DESPITE our previous complaints, cylinder blast outside my house W-10 need immediate help This is ridiculous!
malviya nagar क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति past 6 hours से बाधित है
it's been since monday and still wrd 42 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं STILL not resolved!!!
bhai waterlogging after rain ward no 13 mosquito problem getting worse Please take urgent action!!!
yaar Urgent complaint: wrd 12 में कचरा गाड़ी past 2 weeks से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है Nobody is listening to us.
dear mc, garbaage wala nahi aaya w-17 at plot no 45 3 din se se Kab tak wait karein???
wrd no 6 में at the main road अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है Disgusting situation.
hi, at the naka ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya w-10 mein महीने भर से se
like road dug up for construction never repaired Kurla SINCE the monsoon
bhai cylinder blast hua near station ward 47 mein emergency STILL not resolved!!!
tbh to whom it may concern, w-3 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain We are very tired of this.
tbh हमारे ward 29 में sine diwali से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
yaar Despite our previous complaints, online payment fail ho gayi shivaji nagar mein paise kat gaye Very disappointed with MC.
dear mc, water pipe cracked ward 45 near d-block road become muddy
dear mc, commencement certificate not received ward 7 despite approval We are very tired of this.
tbh Despite our previous complaints, raat ko construction chal RAHA tha ward 17 bina permission
bhai Ward no 2 में at the junction पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है We are very tired of this.
bhai I want to report that my baby born sine the monsoon certificate still not ready ward 48 Disgusting situation.
yaar Despite our previous complaints, wardd 16 ki ligh band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein Nobody is listening to us.
swm worker absent from wrd no 27 in our colony from 4 dyas
i want to report that ward 2 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
Hello sir, applied birth cert W-2 over a fortnight back no movement This has been going on too long.
sir This is to inform you that MY building near the SCHOOL W-1 HAS no wter from OVER a fortnight what to DO When will this be fixed??
sir urgent cmplt: paid ₹3500 property tax but still showing dues ward no 26 Nobody is listening to us.
kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward no 20 mein urgent karo
I mean This is to inform you that stray cattle blocking road ward 23 since the monsoon
tbh to whom it may concern, ward 34 near sector 7 mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao We are very tired of this.
basically despite our previous complains, dengue cases increasing sion stagnant water nt removed STILL not resolved!!!
I mean potholes on main road dharavi causing accidents past 2 weeks STILL not resolved!!!
tbh death registered but certificate pending ward no 22 This is ridiculous!
Despite our previous complaints, bhari wateer leakage in the lane sadak bhar gayi
like despite our previous complaints, mosquito breeding open drain ward 28 health risk
DESPITE our previous complaints, Mulund ki light BAND hai chor ka dar lag RAHA hai sach mein Kab tak wait karein???
We the residents of ward 16 want to say that oc application pending sine last month wrad 16 office We are very tired of this.
like it's been since last night and still death registered but certiifcate pending w-3 We are very tired of this.
This is to inform you that पड़ोसी ने w-12 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली Please take urgent action!!!
hi, my scooter fell in pothole ward no 13 at the corner i got hurt Nobody is listening to us.
पड़ोसी ने ward 44 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली कब होगा काम???
manhole cover missing at plot no 45 ward 34 someone will fall
yaar i want to report that construction waste dumped on road w-13 by builder Kab tak wait karein???
u see I want to report that municiple tanker not coming to Chembur from last tuesday This is ridiculous!
basically We the residents of wardd 11 want to say that property tax portal down cannot pay ward 11 When will this be fixed??
my building at plot no 45 ward 24 has no water from for 2 days what to do When will this be fixed??
actually we the residents of ward 30 want to say that correction needed birth certificate ward 30 wrong name spelled
Bhai ward no 10 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo Please take urgent action!!!
ward no 25 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं कब होगा काम???
basically dear mc, ward 17 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं कब होगा काम???
i want to report that we r not getting wter ward no 1 4 1 hafte se wat is happening Very disappointed with MC.
Hello sir, oc application pending since morning Thane office
ward no 5 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति 3 DIN se से लंबित है This is ridiculous!
u see it's been from 4 day and still drain blocked w-9 near the market sewage overflowing on road
basically Hello sir, wrong proprty tax assessment ward no 22 proerty Very disappointed with MC.
This is to inform YOU that TAX demand notice for ward 10 but PAYMENT done SINCE morning ago कब होगा काम???
yaar despite our previous cmplts, property tax portal down cannot pay w-6
wter nto coming from tap in front of my building w-3
yaar URGENT COMPLAINT: birth certificate not received ward no 27 OFFICE since monday
urgent complaint: brown wter coming ward 17 children getting sick Please take urgent action!!!
basically I want to report that huge potholes outside my house ward 18 very dangerous कब होगा काम???
u see it's been for 5 days and still opposite the hospital ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward 16 mein for 5 days se We are very tired of this.
Road tar came off since the rain ward 12 only stones left
this is to inform you that कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 10 में पर कोई नहीं आया STILL not resolved!!!
I mean Hello sir, light pole BROKEN ward 25 dangerous LIVE wire exposed
tbh it's been 1 hafte se and still dengue cases increasing ward 14 stagnant water noot removed Nobody is listening to us.
basically I want to report that ward 17 at plot no 45 mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao This is ridiculous!
you know Entire ward 38 in darkness after 9pm for the past week Please take urgent action!!!
u see KACHRA NAHI utha BORIVALI MEIN FOR 2 day se bahut badbu
manhole cover missing at the naka wardd 1 someone will fall We are very tired of this.
I mean Despite our previous complaints, bhari wter leakage near station sadak bhar gayi This has been going on too long.
I want to report that paani MEIN mitti aa rahi hai ward 31 colour bhi change hai Kab tak wait karein???
u see Kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward no 23 mein urgent karo Nobody is listening to us.
nullah blocked borivali mosquito breeding happening Disgusting situation.
sir manhole cover missing behind the mall ward 29 someone will fall Please take urgent action!!!
I mean water supply stopped ward no 27 since yesterday residents suffering badly
bhai We the residents of wardd 19 want to say that registered birth since yesterday but certificate not issued ward 19 This is ridiculous!
u see Respected officer, many stray dogs wardd 30 in front of my building biting residents Disgusting situation.
you know road pe gadd hai outside my house ward 27 bike wale girte hain
you know Dear MC, dirty smelly water supply wadr no 4 महीने भर से health risk This is ridiculous!
sir we the residents of andheri east want to say that andheri east में महीने भर से से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Nobody is listening to us.
like to whom it may concern, wrd no 7 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए कब होगा काम???
daily water supply disrupted W-19 past for the past week pipeline blocked maybe
to whom it may concern, नाली से बदबू wardd 25 में since morning से असहनीय हो गई है Very disappointed with MC.
yaar my area ward no 22 has not seen garbge van snce महीने भर से
you know urgent complaint: swm worker absent from ward 23 near d-block for the past week Nobody is listening to us.
actually this is to inform you that drain blocked wrd 25 in the lane sewage overflowing on roda
dear mc, fire at building w-13 near sector 7 please send fire engine This is ridiculous!
We the residents of ward 37 want to say that paani ki problem hai wardd 37 mein for the past week se nala band hogaya STILL not resolved!!!
respected officer, ward 30 में for 10 dayz से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Very disappointed with MC.
sir hi, kab aayega paani ward 11 mein itna wait kar rahe hain This has been going on too long.
tbh It's been SINE morning and still kab aayega paani ward no 14 mein itna wait KAR rahe hain When will this be fixed??
sir This is to inform you that raat ko costrution chal raha tha ward 22 bina permission STILL not resolved!!!
despite our previous complains, light pole broken wrd 13 dangerous live wire exposed We are very tired of this.
bhai i want to report that ward 21 near station mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi
yaar ward no 2 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain over a fortnight se bahut takleef
open manhole in front of my building wrd no 4 very dangerous especially at night
it's been sinc 3 day and still my baby born since 3 dyas certficate still not ready wrd 15
I mean THIS is to inform YOU that W-1 near the park mein aag LAGI hai fire brigade bulao कब होगा काम???
Respected officer, baarish ke baad DRAIN OVERFLOW Thane mein rood nahi dikh raha
sir this is to inform you that water leakage near the park w-6 huge wastage please fix Nobody is listening to us.
you know mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward no 18
tbh To whom it may concern, wadr 21 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo This has been going on too long.
tbh to whom it may concern, baarish ke baad drain overflow ward no 8 mein roda nahi dikh raha
like this is to inform you that at the junction ward 11 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding
w-18 में at the naka पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है Kab tak wait karein???
sir urgent complaint: in the bylane w-2 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding
urgent complaint: ward NO 25 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें This has been going on too long.
yaar respected officer, mosquito breeding open drian wardd 47 health risk When will this be fixed??
actually hi, illegal dump near the park ward 16 flies mosquitoes everywhere
sir Hi, WARDD 40 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
tbh DESPITE our previous COMPLAINTS, ward no 16 mein paani KA pipe kaafi dino se SE leak ho raha hai
yaar to whom it may concern, massive crater sized pothole near the temple dharavi sine kaafi dino se Please take urgent action!!!
We the residents of wrad no 27 want to say that illegal building ban raha hai ward no 27 mein rok do Disgusting situation.
actually dear mc, ward 11 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र from 4 day से नहीं मिला
building mein aag w-9 jaldi aao
I mean dear mc, manhole open hai at plot no 45 koi gir jayega please cover lagao
tbh We the residents of ward 5 want to say that water looks muddy ward 5 opposite the hospital महीने भर से
ward no 21 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक When will this be fixed??
ward no 13 mein mutation nahi hua past 2 weeks se apply kiya tha Nobody is listening to us.
Ward 18 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया Kab tak wait karein???
basically I want to report that kachra nahi utha ward no 11 MEIN for the PAST week se bahut badbu Please take urgent action!!!
actually Despite our previous cmplts, aaj fir gira mai wadr no 19 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche STILL not resolved!!!
sir hi, behind the mall ward 24 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding
u see meri beti ko dengue hua Vile Parle mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua Very disappointed with MC.
we the residents of dharavi want to say that dharavi में past 2 weeks से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। When will this be fixed??
basically dear mc, need death certiifcate urgently kurla for insurance This is ridiculous!
tbh Hi, हमारे ward no 29 में SINCE the rain से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
sir respected officer, ward no 5 outside my house mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi Please take urgent action!!!
like dear mc, malaria fear w-14 drian nto cleaned sinc the monsoon
bhai ward 13 में व्यापार लाइसेंस over a fortnight से लंबित है
basically aaj bhi Sion mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
actually Despite our previous complaints, builder started work at night ward no 18 at plot no 45 no permission Nobody is listening to us.
Despite our previous cmplts, malaria fear ward 12 DRAIN NOT cleaned since 3 DAYS This has been going on too long.
like My building near d-block w-2 has no watr from kaafi dino se what to do Kab tak wait karein???
Respected officer, drainage overflow during rain w-8 flooding streets
despite our previous complains, no response to building permission application ward 46 sine last month This is ridiculous!
sir To whom it may concern, online PROPERTY tax payment FAILED amount ₹5000 deducted wardd 39 When will this be fixed??
basically पड़ोसी ने wrd no 19 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली
like this is to inform you that applied for mutation since yesterday no update wardd 28 Please take urgent action!!!
actually dear mc, maa ka certficate chahiye wardd no 29 office se sinc monday ho gaye
sir dustbin bhar gayi borivali mein khali karo plz
basically urgent complaint: w-9 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Nobody is listening to us.
urgent complaint: teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya borivali ka kuda uthane When will this be fixed??
you know hello sir, bhari wter leakage near the temple sadak bhar gayi
sir Urgent complaint: teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward no 1 ka kuda uthane We are very tired of this.
It's been since the monsoon and still गड्ढे की वजह से ward no 10 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Very disappointed with MC.
you know नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा w-7 में since morning से
you know I want to report that Hadapsar की सड़क की हालत खराब है since last night से मरम्मत नहीं
yaar respected officer, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai pimpri colour bhi change hai कब होगा काम???
like Dear mc, wadr 22 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
Urgent cmplt: drain blocked wadr 12 opposite the hospital sewage overflowing on road Please take urgent action!!!
basically naam galat likha hai certifcate mein santacruz ka Kab tak wait karein???
tbh This is to inform you that wadr 49 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
actually Hi, need death certificate urgently W-12 FOR insurance Very disappointed with MC.
you know paani nahi aa raha ward no 21 mein for 10 days se Disgusting situation.
sir DESPITE OUR previous complaints, drain blocked ward 8 in front of my building sewage OVERFLOWING ON roda This has been going on too long.
like dear mc, pothole in the bylane w-4 bike accident happened yesterday Disgusting situation.
water from tap bandra west yellow coloured not drinkable We are very tired of this.
Dear MC, wrd no 16 में नाली बंद है for 2 days से सड़क पर गंदा पानी This is ridiculous!
tbh This is to INFORM you that Chembur MEIN paani ka pipe since MORNING SE leak ho raha hai
hello sir, paid proerty tax wadala but receipt not received This has been going on too long.
like Hi, no public toilet ward 11 at the main roaad open DEFECATION happening Please take urgent action!!!
u see I want to report that water from tap ward 40 yellow coloured not drinkable This has been going on too long.
hello sir, toilet band rehta hai ward 15 mein kya fayda This is ridiculous!
you know Despite our previous complaints, water supply stopped ward 48 1 hafte se residents suffering badly When will this be fixed??
tbh this is to inform you that paani nahi aa raha w-2 mein for 5 days se
it's been over a fortnight and still ward 11 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega कब होगा काम???
despite our previous complaints, need death certificate urgently wrd no 27 for insurance This has been going on too long.
yaar we the residents of w-18 want to say that stray cattle blocking roda w-18 1 hafte se When will this be fixed??
yaar building permission ke liye for 2 days wait kar raha hoon wrd 3 Disgusting situation.
like hello sir, huge potholes at the junction ward 14 very dangerous Please take urgent action!!!
like we the residents of w-8 want to say that w-8 में near d-block के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक कब होगा काम???
u see hi, bhai ward 46 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo When will this be fixed??
it's been from last tuesday and still safai nahi ho rahi karol bagh from last tuesday se kachra uthao na This has been going on too long.
u see Respected officer, SEWAGE SMELL unbearable ward no 3 SINCE the rain kids CANT go to school
it's been since last night and still potholes on main raod vile parle causing accidents since last night STILL not resolved!!!
tbh We the RESIDENTS of ward 20 want to SAY that toilet gandy hai at the corner ward 20 OVER a FORTNIGHT se safai karo
i want to report that gaaye sadak pe khadi hain wadr no 2 traffic jam ho raha Very disappointed with MC.
Hi, W-9 में व्यापार लाइसेंस from 4 dyas से लंबित है Very disappointed with MC.
basically It's been since morning and still ward no 14 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since morning से नहीं मिला When will this be fixed??
you know to whom it may concern, wadr 40 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
in front of my building KA footpath dukan ne gheer liya wadr no 9 mein since monday se
basically URGENT cmplt: construction without plan approval ward no 18 Nobody is listening to us.
like hi, mulund में नाली बंद है sinc 3 day से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
bhai it's been since last night and still it rained and entire road disappeared ward 10 only pits left
like kachra nahi utha wardd no 24 mein kaafi dino se se bahut badbu Kab tak wait karein???
like HELLO sir, potholes on main rood ward 30 causing accidents 3 din se कब होगा काम???
yaar To whom IT may concern, builder ne MAAL near station ward no 20 road pe daal diya hata do
you know Dear mc, powai mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
like we the residents of w-3 want to say that w-3 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए This is ridiculous!
sir hi, it rained and entire road disappeared wrad 34 only pits left Kab tak wait karein???
actually it's been snce last month and still water supply stopped ward 18 since last month residents suffering badly
you know Urgent complaint: paani mein mitti AA rahi hai Borivali colour bhi CHANGE hai STILL not resolved!!!
you know dear mc, wadr no 13 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
Respected officer, builder started work at night ward no 11 behind the mall no permission
It's been from last tuesday and still we called the garbage number 3 times pimpri no response
like despite our previous complains, my baby born since 3 days certiifcate still noot ready wardd no 18 Very disappointed with MC.
bhai gutter overflow ward 49 people walking in WASTE wter STILL not resolved!!!
yaar Despite our previous complaints, mutation request pending MALVIYA Nagar over a fortnight please process Nobody is listening to us.
respected officer, waterlogging after rain wrad 35 mosquito problem getting worse Nobody is listening to us.
Dear MC, Thane क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति SINCE last night से बाधित है We are very tired of this.
tbh dear mc, pothole at plot no 45 wadala bike accident happened yesterday STILL not resolved!!!
like i want to report that w-15 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for 5 days से लंबित है कब होगा काम???
actually wateer looks muddy ward 26 near the temple since diwali
like sewage smell unbearable ward 16 1 hafte se kids cant go to school We are very tired of this.
It's been past 6 hours and still wrd 48 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain past 6 hours se bahut takleef
you know wrd 25 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi We are very tired of this.
like urgent complain: water from tap Malviya Nagar YELLOW coloured not drinkable
bhai Urgent complaint: gaaye SADAK pe khadi hain ward no 19 traffic jam ho raha
i want to report that building permission ke liye past 6 hours wait kar raha hoon ward no 8 कब होगा काम???
bhai i want to report that nahi aa rha paani wadr 25 mein please koi to suno This has been going on too long.
u see hi, ward 18 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye Very disappointed with MC.
tbh hello sir, we called the garbage number 3 times w-5 no response This is ridiculous!
yaar we the residents of ward 10 want to say that baarish ke baad drain overflow wrad 10 mein road nahi dikh raha This is ridiculous!
u see URGENT complaint: Mulund ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete
Hello sir, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward 26 colour bhi change hai STILL not resolved!!!
actually hi, trade license renewal pending 3 din se shop ward 30
bhai to whom it may concern, building plan submitted wadala for 2 days no response
Dear mc, all street lamps broken wrd 40 completely dark Very disappointed with MC.
tbh i want to report that public toilet ward 38 very dirty not cleaned 1 hafte se
pothole in our COLONY ward no 1 bike ACCIDENT HAPPENED yesterday Kab tak wait karein???
sir Despite OUR previous complaints, ward 43 में NEAR the market के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक Kab tak wait karein???
like dear mc, garbage truck not coming ward 8 from 4 days This is ridiculous!
I mean Despite our previous cmplts, water supply stopped ward no 8 from 4 days residents suffering badly
I mean dirty smelly water supply ward no 14 for the past week health risk This is ridiculous!
u see hi, cow sitting on main road w-11 traffic blocked Nobody is listening to us.
Urgent complaint: ward 6 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है This has been going on too long.
u see urgent complaint: big water leak ward 47 for the past week nobody coming to fix
sir dog attack ward no 17 near the temple child got bitten plz help Nobody is listening to us.
u see Hello sir, correction needed birth certficate ward no 19 wrong name spelled STILL not resolved!!!
wadr 20 में नामांतरण for 10 dyas से लंबित है कब होगा
sir despite our previous complaints, all street lamps broken w-2 completely dark Kab tak wait karein???
bhai We the residents of ward 16 want to say that ward 16 ki roda bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Please take urgent action!!!
This is to inform you that municipal tanker not coming to wrd 44 1 hafte se Please take urgent action!!!
you know dustbin bhar GAYI wardd 23 mein khali karo pls STILL not resolved!!!
sir drain choked w-6 for 2 days foul smell health hazard
yaar to whom it may concern, ward 28 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili STILL not resolved!!!
sir hello sir, wadala में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
tbh urgent complaint: wardd no 22 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है Very disappointed with MC.
basically it's been past 6 hours and still builder started work at night ward no 23 near station no permission Kab tak wait karein???
I mean urgent complaint: water pressure very low at the naka w-10 3 din se barely enough Disgusting situation.
baarish ke baad drain OVERFLOW W-15 mein road NAHI dikh raha We are very tired of this.
dear mc, pipe phoot gayi santacruz behind the mall mein paani beh raha hai
Urgent complaint: mosquito problem ward no 22 in the lane no fogging महीने भर से Very disappointed with MC.
I mean dear mc, dengue cases increasing w-19 stagnant water nto removed When will this be fixed??
WE the residents of ward no 15 WANT to say that ward no 15 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें We are very tired of this.
yaar Urgent COMPLAINT: trade license ke liye PAST 6 HOURS se wait kar raha hoon ward 44 Nobody is listening to us.
bhai Hello sir, huge potholes opposite the hospital ward 23 very dangerous
this is to inform you that mosquito breeding open drain thane health risk Please take urgent action!!!
tbh to whom it may concern, laxmi nagar in front of my building mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao Disgusting situation.
yaar URGENT cmplt: street light toot gayi near the market Powai since last month se Disgusting situation.
To whom it may concern, ward 20 ki raod bilkul kharab hai kab banoge When will this be fixed??
u see dear mc, no public toilet ward 1 at the corner open defecation happening
basically Hi, WARD 25 office mein plan submit kiya since 3 days reply nahi
tbh dear mc, at the main road ward 3 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है Kab tak wait karein???
bhai To whom it may concern, sion mein paani band hai since 3 days se log taras rahe hain We are very tired of this.
I want to report that daily water supply disrupted W-8 PAST from last tuesday pipeline BLOCKED maybe Please take urgent action!!!
tbh we the residents of bandra west want to say that bandra west में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Very disappointed with MC.
actually despite our previous complaints, ward no 7 in front of my building mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao STILL not resolved!!!
i want to report that footpath pe encroachment hai near the school w-5 mein
this is to inform you that ward no 1 in front of my building nali band hai sinc morning se badbu aa rahi
respected officer, toilet gandy hai near d-block wrad no 6 for the past week se safai karo
respected officer, oc application pending past 2 weeks w-6 office Disgusting situation.
I mean Dear MC, ward no 11 में मच्छरों की समस्या since yesterday से है कब होगा काम???
bhai nullah blocked wrd no 8 mosquito breeding happening Please take urgent action!!!
yaar registered birth for the past week but certiifcate nto issued ward 46
ward no 9 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
dear mc, street light nt working ward no 9 in the lane महीने भर से very dark at night STILL not resolved!!!
basically registered birth since 3 days but certificate not issued thane Very disappointed with MC.
to whom it may concern, road dug up for construction never repaired ward no 2 for 2 days This has been going on too long.
urgent complaint: paani ki bohot problem hai at plot no 45 mein ward 9 ke andar STILL not resolved!!!
u see this is to inform you that near the market ward no 11 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Very disappointed with MC.
u see Footpath pe encroachment hai at the naka ward 1 mein Please take urgent action!!!
urgnt cmplt: dharavi में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Please take urgent action!!!
sir dear mc, watr supply stopped ward no 7 from 4 day residents suffering badly STILL not resolved!!!
bhai dear mc, roda pe gadd hai at the main road w-1 bike wale girte hain
tbh hi, ward 23 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Nobody is listening to us.
sir hi, fire at building ward 41 near the temple pleese send fire engine This has been going on too long.
basically hi, ward 49 mein death certificate nahi mila since last month se urgent hai STILL not resolved!!!
u see urgent complaint: my baby born since diwali certficate still not ready ward no 2 This is ridiculous!
नाली से बदबू w-1 में over a fortnight से असहनीय हो गई है Nobody is listening to us.
in front of my building ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya hadapsar mein kaafi dino se se
basically Dear MC, huge POTHOLES outside my house Bandra West very dangerous This has been going on too long.
Urgent cmplt: dengue cases increasing wadr 19 stagnant water not removed
like trade license renewal pending महीने भर से shop ward no 22 Kab tak wait karein???
raod tar came off since morning ward 45 only stones left
Despite our previous complaints, kachra nahi utha ward 3 mein since the monsoon se bahut badbu Very disappointed with MC.
hello sir, mosquito problem ward 25 in the bylane no fogging kaafi dino se कब होगा काम???
Water not coming from tap outside my house ward 36 Nobody is listening to us.
actually despite our previous complaints, kachra nahi utha ward 26 mein since last month se bahut badbu Disgusting situation.
bhai I want to report that at the JUNCTION W-8 MEIN kutte bahut aggressive hain raat KO
dear mc, building plan submitted wadr 36 1 hafte se no response When will this be fixed??
sir respected officer, road condition pathetic ward 39 multiple potholes for 2 days
you know dear mc, fire at building wrd 31 near the park plese send fire engine
sir it's been 1 hafte se and still need death certificate urgently ward 26 for insurance
urgent complaint: ward 2 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
actually water pipe cracked ward no 25 outside my house roaad become muddy
It's been past 2 weeks and still sewage smell unbearable thane past 2 weeks kids cant go to school When will this be fixed??
I mean hello sir, w-8 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili When will this be fixed??
actually wrd 30 में 3 din se से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
ward 11 ki raod bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
I mean to whom it may concern, ward 11 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र for 2 dayz से नहीं मिला This has been going on too long.
dear mc, road tar came off for 10 days ward no 14 only stones left Kab tak wait karein???
Hi, ward 28 में near the school अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है This has been going on too long.
we the residents of ward 15 want to say that ward 15 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge This has been going on too long.
you know कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward no 2 में पर कोई नहीं आया
respected officer, aaj fir gira mai chembur ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche Very disappointed with MC.
like Urgent complaint: dustbin bhar gayi ward no 17 mein khali karo please Disgusting situation.
yaar It's been since monday and still thane mein ligt nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai Kab tak wait karein???
basically my shop has no license because ward 5 office not RESPONDING कब होगा काम???
I mean it's been from last tuesday and still waterlogging after rain kurla mosquito problem getting worse
sir Urgent complaint: wadr 9 at the main rood bina permission CONSTRACTION ho raha hai
sir kab aayega paani ward 43 mein itna wait kar rahe hain Kab tak wait karein???
bhai i want to report that water supply stopped ward no 24 past 6 hours residents suffering badly
yaar this is to inform you that kurla में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है
tbh it's been महीने भर से and still w-7 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Kab tak wait karein???
Hi, 3 people in my building got dengue ward 45 please spray
bhai gaaye sadak pe khadi hain kurla traffic jam ho raha Please take urgent action!!!
I mean i want to report that नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा mulund में for 2 days से
We the residents of wrd NO 10 want to say that illegal building ban raha hai ward no 10 mein ROK do Disgusting situation.
pipe leaking outside in the lane ward 45 creating pothole also STILL not resolved!!!
bhai to whom it may concern, malaria fear laxmi nagar drain noot cleaned since the rain Disgusting situation.
this is to inform you that toilet always locked ward 33 near d-block useless facility We are very tired of this.
i want to report that wire latki hui hai at the naka shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
you know drian choked ward 19 since 3 days foul smell health hazard
actually Malviya Nagar in front of my building mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao Please take urgent action!!!
Despite our previous complaints, BACCHE ka certifcate nahi bana WARD no 18 mein for the past week lag GAYE
actually It's been from 4 days and still kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi dharavi me from 4 days se Disgusting situation.
potholes on main road ward 18 causing accidents past 2 weeks When will this be fixed??
urgent complaint: ward no 14 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi We are very tired of this.
yaar I want to report that people dumping garbage in the lane w-18 very unhygienic
It's been महीने भर से and still W-12 में महीने भर से से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
i want to report that karol bagh में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक When will this be fixed??
paani mein mitti AA rahi hai WARD no 7 colour BHI change hai
I mean Dear MC, nali choke ho gayi ward no 17 ganda PAANI SADAK pe aa RAHA
i want to report that my area ward 3 has nto seen garbage van sine महीने भर से When will this be fixed??
yaar hi, safai nahi ho rahi wadr 14 since 3 days se kachra uthao na
this is to inform you that registered birth for 2 days but certificate noot issued w-5
basically Hi, open manhole at the junction W-18 very dangerous especially at night
yaar this is to inform you that thane की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया Disgusting situation.
sir Dear mc, mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani sion This has been going on too long.
I mean Urgent complaint: ward no 22 at the naka bina permission construction ho raha hai
We the residents of ward 11 want to say that wrad 11 में near station कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Nobody is listening to us.
you know We the residents of WARD no 25 want to say that dustbin overflowing ward no 25 not emptied since morning
I mean Dear MC, W-3 near the park में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
we the residents of hadapsar want to say that hadapsar office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye
sir we the residents of ward no 9 want to say that road dug up for construction never repaired ward no 9 past 6 hours
rood tar CAME off since yesterday wrd no 29 only stones LEFT We are very tired of this.
actually urgent complaint: paani ki bohot problem hai at the corner mein ward 7 ke andar Disgusting situation.
This is to inform you that fire noc required wrd no 21 not getting it
actually Hi, entire ward 14 in darkness after 9pm for the past week Kab tak wait karein???
ward 17 mein mutation nahi hua since last month se apply kiya tha
I mean urgent complaint: water filter getting choked daily wadr 44 water very bad quality
tbh Dear MC, wrong property tax assessment ward no 8 property कब होगा काम???
actually Stinking garbage pile behind the mall ward 20 dogs spreading it everywhere We are very tired of this.
tbh Respected officer, daily water supply disrupted Kurla past for the past week pipeline blocked maybe
like to whom it may concern, maa ka certificate chahiye ward no 16 office se from last tuesday ho gaye
actually road full of potholes ward no 10 since last night vehicles getting damaged कब होगा काम???
you know URGENT COMPLAINT: wire latki hui HAI in front of MY building SHOCK lag SAKTA hai KISI ko
hello sir, mosquito breeding open drian ward 20 health risk
sir Hello sir, kurla office se birth certificate nahi mila from last tuesday se
tbh Dear MC, 3 people in my building got DENGUE ward no 18 please spray
illegal construction ward no 9 near the school without permission
bhai I want to report that at THE naka Chembur MEIN paani KHADA hai MOSQUITO BREEDING
watr looks muddy sion near the temple since yesterday This has been going on too long.
Sewage smell unbearable wardd 44 for 2 days kids cant go to school
yaar dear mc, ward 7 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली When will this be fixed??
bhai this is to inform you that nahi aa rha paani ward 24 mein please koi to suno
you know to whom it may concern, applied for mutation sine monday no update ward 39
This is to inform you that road pe gadd hai near station W-11 bike wale girte hain
sir despite our previous complaints, ward 46 की सड़क की हालत खराब है since diwali से मरम्मत नहीं Very disappointed with MC.
like Despite our previous complaints, online payment fail ho gayi sion mein paise kat gaye We are very tired of this.
u see Respected officer, W-19 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
Respected officer, ward no 19 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
dear mc, wadr 47 in our colony mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao We are very tired of this.
respected officer, street light not working w-3 opposite the hospital from 4 days very dark at night We are very tired of this.
actually It's been sinc MONDAY and still Dharavi ki road bilkul kharab HAI kab banoge STILL not resolved!!!
w-1 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें Please take urgent action!!!
yaar garbage collector takes money still not collecting santacruz When will this be fixed??
despite our previous complaints, pack of dogs chasing people ward 29 very scary This has been going on too long.
actually wadr no 4 में नाली बंद है for the past week से सड़क पर गंदा पानी कब होगा काम???
yaar it's been from last tuesday and still garbage wala nahi aaya wrad 20 at the signal from last tuesday se We are very tired of this.
hello sir, paid ₹8500 property tax but still showing dues wadr no 2 Disgusting situation.
sir kachra nahi utha W-1 mein SINCE last night se bahut badbu Kab tak wait karein???
tbh It's been PAST 6 hours and still road condition pathetic Wadala multiple potholes past 6 HOURS Nobody is listening to us.
tbh it's been महीने भर से and still small fire ward 11 near the school before it spreads plz come STILL not resolved!!!
I mean hi, ward no 27 mein paani ka pipe since last month se leak ho raha hai This is ridiculous!
this is to inform you that w-12 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo STILL not resolved!!!
tbh dear mc, paani nahi aa raha ward 37 mein from last tuesday se STILL not resolved!!!
you know hello sir, bhai w-18 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo STILL not resolved!!!
you know to whom it may concern, construction waste dumped on road ward no 7 by builder This is ridiculous!
actually we the residents of ward 22 want to say that no response to building permission application ward 22 past 6 hours Disgusting situation.
To whom it may concern, tap is dry ward 39 since monday pls check the pipeline This has been going on too long.
Hi, aaj bhi Indiranagar mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo Please take urgent action!!!
bhai wadala की सड़क की हालत खराब है since monday से मरम्मत नहीं Kab tak wait karein???
bhai We the residents of Mulund want to say that water leakage at the corner Mulund huge wastage plz fix STILL not resolved!!!
i want to report that paani nahi aa raha wardd 11 mein for 5 day se Very disappointed with MC.
yaar hello sir, water has weird smell and colour mulund
public toilet wrad no 3 very dirty nto cleaned snce 3 days
urgnt complaint: builder ne maal near the market kurla road pe daal diya hata do This is ridiculous!
basically to whom it may concern, pipe toot gayi in the bylane ward no 7 ke paas jaldi aao This is ridiculous!
you know bandra west में behind the mall अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है कब होगा काम???
you know paani ki problem hai WRAD 21 mein kaafi dino se se nala band hogaya This is ridiculous!
I mean to whom it may concern, oc application pending from last tuesday w-4 office Nobody is listening to us.
It's been महीने भर से and still entire footpath occupied by shop at the corner ward 36 महीने भर से
Hi, 3 people IN my building got dengue wardd no 6 please spray
yaar ward 11 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
tax demand notice for govandi but payment done for 2 days ago
tbh Hi, MANHOLE cover missing at plot no 45 ward 11 someone will fall Kab tak wait karein???
u see Dear MC, ward 35 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Very disappointed with MC.
actually despite our previous complaints, nullah blocked ward 17 mosquito breeding happening कब होगा काम???
bhai Kurla mein mutation nahi hua from 4 days se apply kiya tha STILL not resolved!!!
sir Respected officer, w-11 की सड़क की हालत खराब है since last night से मरम्मत नहीं When will this be fixed??
sir hi, ward 18 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
tbh ward no 27 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili Disgusting situation.
i want to report that tax notice aaya hai w-13 ka lekin payment ho chuki
you know respected officer, cylinder blast near the school wrd 33 need immediate help STILL not resolved!!!
This is to inform you that raat ko CONSTRUCTION chal raha tha wrd NO 17 bina permission कब होगा काम???
bhai ward 48 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं This is ridiculous!
despite our previous complaints, paani nahi aa raha wrad 18 mein sinc 3 days se When will this be fixed??
Hi, ward 28 in front of my building bina permission construction ho raha hai Very disappointed with MC.
sir It's been from 4 days and still ward 29 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक Very disappointed with MC.
sir hello sir, trade license renewal pending for 2 days shop ward 30 We are very tired of this.
my scooter fell in pot hole wadr no 6 near sector 7 i got hurt
bhai this is to inform you that vile parle में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है Disgusting situation.
sir hello sir, कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 36 में पर कोई नहीं आया Please take urgent action!!!
yaar near station ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya wadr no 1 mein since diwali se कब होगा काम???
Hello sir, in the bylane ward 16 mein kutte bahut AGGRESSIVE hain raat KO
It's BEEN since morning and still wrad 23 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
Respected officer, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain wrad 22 traffic jam ho raha
like ward 29 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi This is ridiculous!
DEAR MC, dustbin bhar gayi VILE Parle mein khali KARO please STILL not resolved!!!
dear mc, pack of dogs chasing people ward no 29 very scary Nobody is listening to us.
basically paid property tax ward 44 but receipt not received
actually HI, bhai wardd no 15 me paani nahi CHAL raha kuch KARO When will this be fixed??
like we the residents of chembur want to say that street light wire hanging loose behind the mall chembur shock risk
u see urgent cmplt: wardd 5 में नाली बंद है since 3 dayz से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
urgent cmplt: ward no 8 में स्ट्रीट लाइट 1 hafte se से बंद है रात में अंधेरा STILL not resolved!!!
yaar cylinder blast hua near the school ward no 11 mein emergency
to whom it may concern, wadr no 26 behind the mall mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao Nobody is listening to us.
you know Despite our previous complains, illegal construction ward 27 opposite the hospital without permission We are very tired of this.
basically to whom it may concern, pipe phoot gayi wadr 28 near the park mein paani beh raha hai
hi, trade license ke liye since diwali se wait kar raha hoon ward no 11 We are very tired of this.
Dear MC, gutter overflow ward no 17 people walking in waste water We are very tired of this.
tbh near the market ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya sion mein since last night se
actually We the residents of Matunga want to say that manhole open hai near station koi gir jayega please cover lagao We are very tired of this.
bhai pipe leaking Dharavi at the main road road flooded STILL not resolved!!!
bhai w-17 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe When will this be fixed??
Despite our previous cmplts, maa ka certificate chahiye wrd 5 office se for 5 days ho gaye This is ridiculous!
wator looks muddy Koramangala outside my house since last night Kab tak wait karein???
you know to whom it may concern, w-5 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Disgusting situation.
bhai despite our previous complaints, ward 44 में at the main road पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है We are very tired of this.
I mean despite our previous complaints, wadr no 29 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है This has been going on too long.
like TO whom it may CONCERN, near D-block W-2 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding
you know urgent complain: powai office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye कब होगा काम???
I mean respected officer, near the park ward 14 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
yaar w-15 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi STILL not resolved!!!
fire noc required ward 20 nt getting it
like this is to inform you that ward 12 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं Please take urgent action!!!
actually urgent complaint: my shop has no license because bandra west office not responding Very disappointed with MC.
hello sir, dirty smelly water supply indiranagar since morning health risk
despite our previous complaints, in the bylane ward no 10 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Please take urgent action!!!
basically dear mc, builder ne maal in front of my building santacruz road pe daal diya hata do
actually hello sir, ward 8 office se birth certificate nahi mila over a fortnight se
Dear MC, WATER from tap ward 34 yellow coloured nto DRINKABLE We are very tired of this.
you know public toilet Shivaji Nagar very dirty nt cleaned for 5 days कब होगा काम???
tbh to whom it may concern, kachra nahi utha andheri east mein for the past week se bahut badbu Please take urgent action!!!
like Urgent complaint: wrd 32 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Disgusting situation.
IT rained and ENTIRE road disappeared THANE only PITS left
urgent complain: property mutation not done vile parle applied sinc monday ago
I mean Hi, no response to building PERMISSION APPLICATION Pimpri since 3 days Very disappointed with MC.
We the residents of kurla want to say that at the signal kurla ka kuda uthao yaar since monday se nahi utha
you know Respected officer, no PUBLIC toilet ward 5 near the park open defecation HAPPENING
bhai this is to inform you that ward no 4 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
you know urgent cmplt: paani ki bohot problem hai at the naka mein wrd 9 ke andar This has been going on too long.
like dharavi में since diwali से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय कब होगा काम???
It's been from 4 days and STILL nahi aa RHA PAANI ward no 20 MEIN please koi to SUNO STILL not resolved!!!
tbh ward no 26 in our colony bina permission construction ho raha hai When will this be fixed??
you know no streetlight ward no 4 near station theft increasing We are very tired of this.
you know Urgent complaint: karol bagh mein sadak pe bade khadde hain past 6 hours se bahut takleef
Illegal building ban raha hai ward 44 mein rok do कब होगा काम???
actually Dear mc, water has weird smell and colour ward 37 This is ridiculous!
actually dengue cases increasing ward no 20 stagnant water not removed STILL not resolved!!!
tbh Respected officer, PAID ₹8500 property tax but still showing dues ward NO 12 We are very tired of this.
dustbin overflowing w-9 not emptied for 2 dyas When will this be fixed??
sir hello sir, death certificate not issued ward 25 office since 3 days Please take urgent action!!!
bhai Hi, property mutation not done ward 44 applied since last night ago Please take urgent action!!!
you know We the residents OF W-11 want to say THAT BUILDING mein aag W-11 jaldi aao Disgusting situation.
sir Malviya nagar office mein plan submit kiya sine last month reply nahi STILL not resolved!!!
despite our previous complaints, huge potholes at the corner wardd 28 very dangerous Disgusting situation.
I mean my shop has no license because ward no 22 office not responding Disgusting situation.
this is to inform you that indiranagar mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
tbh no water in ward 40 from 4 days Disgusting situation.
bhai It's been since last month and still ward no 9 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक STILL not resolved!!!
like this is to inform you that 3 people in my building got dengue ward 14 plz spray
like i want to report that wadala में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Please take urgent action!!!
actually It's been SINCE monday and still mutation KA koi status nahi mila ward NO 14 ka STILL not resolved!!!
Despite our previous cmplts, garbage lying on road ward 30 past 6 hours disease risk This has been going on too long.
hi, baarish ke baad darin overflow ward 26 mein rood nahi dikh raha This is ridiculous!
yaar Hello sir, my area wrad no 29 has not seen garbage van snce sinc 3 days Please take urgent action!!!
respected officer, oc application pending 1 hafte se wrd 45 office Very disappointed with MC.
tbh it's been since 3 days and still we called the garbaage number 3 times ward 36 no response When will this be fixed??
actually w-10 में since 3 days से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
Dear MC, ward 49 mein paani band hai since last month se log taras rahe hain
we the residents of ward 13 want to say that cylinder blast hua at plot no 45 ward 13 mein emergency
street light toot gayi at the signal wrad 18 since morning se Please take urgent action!!!
sir wadr no 21 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
sir hi, dustbin bhar gayi vikhroli mein khali karo plz This is ridiculous!
you know dear mc, water leakage at plot no 45 ward 45 huge wastage please fix
u see Dear MC, ward no 24 में at the naka अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है Nobody is listening to us.
u see despite our previous cmplts, correction needed birth certificate ward 35 wrong name spelled Very disappointed with MC.
u see SMALL fire ward no 17 near the school before IT spreads plz come Very disappointed with MC.
to whom it may concern, khadda hai at the junction w-8 mein accident hua tha kal Disgusting situation.
you know This is to inform you that wadr 45 KI raod bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Disgusting situation.
I WANT to REPORT that open MANHOLE at plot no 45 Wadala very dangerous especially AT night
I mean dear mc, no water since since 3 days in sion when will tanker come Kab tak wait karein???
Construction waste dumped on raod wardd 33 by builder
you know respected officer, swm worker absent from ward 32 at the naka since yesterday Kab tak wait karein???
you know urgent complaint: it rained and entire road disappeared kurla only pits left Please take urgent action!!!
I want to report that my scooter fell in pothole Vikhroli at the signal i got hurt
actually respected officer, my scooter fell in pothole ward 10 at the corner i got hurt Please take urgent action!!!
yaar Hello sir, wrd 30 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है When will this be fixed??
actually to whom it may concern, ward 4 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Nobody is listening to us.
bhai INDIRANAGAR में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक When will this be fixed??
you know stray cattle blocking road andheri east for 2 days
sewage smell unbearable wrad 20 since DIWALI kids cant go to school
Dustbin bhar gayi w-2 mein khali karo plz STILL not resolved!!!
need death certificate urgently ward no 28 for INSURANCE Kab tak wait karein???
yaar Hi, wardd 22 में in the lane अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है We are very tired of this.
I want TO report THAT near THE MARKET Santacruz में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
wrad no 18 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein Very disappointed with MC.
tbh we the residents of ward no 17 want to say that wardd no 17 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua sinc diwali se
actually hi, online payment fail ho gayi ward no 3 mein paise kat gaye Disgusting situation.
To whom it may concern, ward 6 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति since 3 days से लंबित है This has been going on too long.
u see Despite our previous complains, municiple tanker not coming to w-3 over a fortnight Disgusting situation.
dear mc, paani ki bohot problem hai near d-block mein w-1 ke andar STILL not resolved!!!
bhai it's been 1 hafte se and still malaria fear wardd 7 drain noot cleaned 1 hafte se
we the residents of wadr 5 want to say that ward 5 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति past 6 hours से लंबित है
to whom it may concern, brown water coming ward 3 children getting sick
basically despite our previous complaints, ward no 9 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain for 10 days se bahut takleef Disgusting situation.
sir Respected officer, bhai W-6 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo This is ridiculous!
to whom it may concern, people dumping garbaje at the naka w-5 very unhygienic
Despite our previous complaints, meri beti ko dengue hua santacruz mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua This is ridiculous!
tbh hi, ₹5000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 15 कब होगा काम???
u see Respected officer, W-17 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since diwali से नहीं मिला We are very tired of this.
like we the residents of ward 27 want to say that building mein aag ward 27 jaldi aao
hello sir, neighbor built extra floor without permission w-11 Please take urgent action!!!
tbh Ward 1 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi STILL not resolved!!!
like W-7 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai Kab tak wait karein???
sir despite our previous complaints, ward 31 में नामांतरण snce the monsoon से लंबित है कब होगा
BHAI ward 39 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
bhai despite our previous cmplts, brown water coming ward 30 children getting sick This is ridiculous!
Respected officer, entire ward 27 in darkness after 9pm for the past week
sir footpath pe encroachment hai near the market ward 36 mein
yaar This is to inform you that dustbin overflowing mulund not emptied महीने भर से This has been going on too long.
bhai Urgent cmplt: baarish ke baad drain overflow wrad 30 mein road nahi dikh raha We are very tired of this.
we called the garbage number 3 times ward 41 no response
sir I want to REPORT that open manhole in front of my building ward 23 very DANGEROUS ESPECIALLY at night
sir dear mc, w-1 में at the signal अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है This is ridiculous!
like Building permission ke liye since the rain wait kar raha hoon wrad no 11 Nobody is listening to us.
like we the residents of kurla want to say that illegal dump near the park kurla flies mosquitoes everywhere Nobody is listening to us.
sir dear mc, water filter getting choked daily karol bagh wateer very bad quality
trade license renewal pending since 3 days shop ward no 14 Very disappointed with MC.
tbh in the lane ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward 7 mein since 3 dayz se
like This is to inform you that stray cattle blocking road vikhroli from 4 dayz Kab tak wait karein???
you know This is to inform you that illegal dump near the temple wrad no 13 flies mosquitoes everywhere This is ridiculous!
bhai this is to inform you that ward no 27 near d-block mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi
u see Urgent complaint: it rained and entire raod disappeared ward no 27 only pits left
like i want to report that govandi में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें Nobody is listening to us.
yaar ward no 19 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua 1 hafte se se
hello sir, main pipeline burst wardd no 14 water gushing out over a fortnight Disgusting situation.
bhai ₹25000 bhar diye phir BHI due show ho raha hai ward 37
sir safai nahi ho rahi Indiranagar from last tuesday se kachra uthao na
drain blocked indiranagar in our colony sewage overflowing on road Very disappointed with MC.
it's been for the past week and still tax notice came again even after paying wadr no 29
no response to building permission application kurla since last night Nobody is listening to us.
tbh despite our previous complaints, swm worker absent from ward 46 near the market past 6 hours
kurla ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega We are very tired of this.
hello sir, street light not working ward 26 at the corner for 5 days very dark at night STILL not resolved!!!
like street light wire hanging loose near the market ward 16 shock risk
actually water filter getting choked daily ward 47 water very bad quality This is ridiculous!
I want to report that wardd 19 में in the bylane के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक
u see to whom it may concern, bandra west से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since the rain से नहीं मिला This has been going on too long.
u see govandi mein mutation nahi hua for the past week se apply kiya tha This has been going on too long.
you know urgent complaint: safai nahi ho rahi ward 17 since the rain se kachra uthao na Very disappointed with MC.
basically we the residents of ward 9 want to say that raat ko constuction chal raha tha ward 9 bina permission Nobody is listening to us.
Hello sir, main pipeline burst hadapsar wator gushing out snce morning
u see cylinder blast hua near the park ward 38 mein emergency Kab tak wait karein???
despite our previous complaints, all street lamps broken ward 43 completely dark Disgusting situation.
yaar We the residents of Vile Parle want to say that applied trade license snce diwali AGO Vile Parle still waiting
basically I want to report that municipal TANKER noot coming to ward 10 since yesterday STILL not resolved!!!
Despite our previous complaints, small fire W-6 near the temple before it spreads please come This is ridiculous!
I mean hello sir, garbage lying on raod wardd no 5 for 5 days disease risk कब होगा काम???
you know URGENT complaint: ₹12000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho RAHA hai ward 45
potholes ON main road ward no 12 CAUSING accidents past 2 weeks When will this be fixed??
u see we the residents of ward 46 want to say that gutter overflow ward 46 people walking in waste water
this is to inform you that w-18 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है This has been going on too long.
u see Respected officer, W-11 में स्ट्रीट लाइट since the monsoon से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
actually illegal building ban raha hai ward 4 mein rok do
respected officer, correction needed birth certificate w-18 wrong name spelled
water not coming from tap at the junction W-12
yaar Hello sir, W-14 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय for 2 days से साफ नहीं हुआ कब होगा काम???
actually We the residents of wadr 24 want TO say that kachra nahi utha ward 24 MEIN for 2 DAYS se bahut badbu
tbh dirty smelly wateer supply ward 26 from 4 days health risk This has been going on too long.
like To whom it may concern, tax notice came again even after paying ward 35
I mean we the residents of borivali want to say that borivali mein ligh nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
sir We the RESIDENTS of W-18 want TO say THAT ILLEGAL building ban raha hai W-18 mein rok do Kab tak wait karein???
bhai we the residents of wadala want to say that no streetlight wadala opposite the hospital theft increasing This has been going on too long.
actually i want to report that drainn blocked chembur at the signal sewage overflowing on raod
yaar We the residents of ward 19 want to say that garbage truck not coming ward 19 since 3 day We are very tired of this.
I mean नाली से बदबू ward no 12 में past 2 weeks से असहनीय हो गई है Please take urgent action!!!
u see People dumping garbage at the corner ward no 6 very unhygienic
we the residents of wrd 29 want to say that many stray dogs ward 29 at the naka biting residents STILL not resolved!!!
i want to report that ward 41 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक This is ridiculous!
hi, wire latki hui hai near d-block shock lag sakta hai kisi ko STILL not resolved!!!
respected officer, bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward 20 mein from last tuesday lag gaye
construction without plan approval wadr NO 17
like Despite our previous complaints, Shivaji Nagar में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
i want to report that meri beti ko dengue hua ward 17 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
hello sir, stinking garbage pile at the main road ward no 12 dogs spreading it everywhere STILL not resolved!!!
you know it's been past 6 hours and still unauthorized building ward 36 please stop
sir Respected officer, W-17 mein awaara kutte bahut hain BACCHON ko kaat rahe
bhai this is to inform you that public toilet ward 24 very dirty nto cleaned for 2 days We are very tired of this.
like Urgent complaint: paani nahi aa raha ward no 4 mein for 2 days se When will this be fixed??
sir This is to inform you that public toilet ward no 27 very dirty not cleaned past 2 weeks Please take urgent action!!!
bhai we the residents of ward 14 want to say that mutation request pending ward 14 since morning pleese process
you know this is to inform you that toilet band rehta hai ward 16 mein kya fayda Nobody is listening to us.
actually i want to report that big water leak sion for the past week nobody coming to fix
bhai respected officer, पड़ोसी ने ward 44 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली कब होगा काम???
tbh to whom it may concern, ward 12 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है
basically hello sir, no wator since since the rain in ward 11 when will tanker come Nobody is listening to us.
cylinder blast hua outside my house Mulund mein emergency This has been going on too long.
Hello sir, safai nahi ho rahi ward 43 for the past week se kachra uthao na Please take urgent action!!!
I mean mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward 20 ka Disgusting situation.
you know dear mc, ward 19 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi Very disappointed with MC.
basically mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani matunga STILL not resolved!!!
tbh drainage overflow during rain ward 28 flooding streets
urgent cmplt: pack of dogs chasing people wrad 34 very scary
I mean my baby born from last tuesday certificate still not ready ward 40 Kab tak wait karein???
actually W-10 में मच्छरों की समस्या past 6 hours से है
you know Hello sir, building permission ke liye SINCE 3 dyas WAIT kar raha HOON W-11 Disgusting situation.
we the residents of ward no 16 want to say that garbage not collected wrd no 16 for 5 days unbearable smell Kab tak wait karein???
I mean to whom it may concern, wadr no 6 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया Please take urgent action!!!
it's been since the rain and still public toilet ward 29 very dirty nt cleaned since the rain
DEAR MC, Kurla OFFICE hi nahi uthata phone TRADE license ke liye
actually registered birth kaafi dino SE but CERTIIFCATE nto issued WARD 15 We are very tired of this.
sir Fire at building andheri east near the school please send fire engine
Dear MC, pipe PHOOT gayi VILE Parle opposite the hospital mein paani beh raha hai Disgusting situation.
yaar toilet always locked dharavi near d-block useless facility This has been going on too long.
I mean Respected officer, building permission KE LIYE since last NIGHT wait kar raha hoon Indiranagar
I mean To whom it may concern, fire noc required Sion not getting it Nobody is listening to us.
like dear mc, wateer pipe cracked ward no 25 near station road become muddy STILL not resolved!!!
u see hello sir, no public toilet wardd 37 in the lane open defecation happening Please take urgent action!!!
yaar I want to report that safai nahi ho rahi w-10 since 3 days se kachra uthao na We are very tired of this.
my building outside my house bandra west has no wateer from since the rain what to do
mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward NO 26 Disgusting situation.
yaar water leakage at the naka ward no 27 huge wastage please fix कब होगा काम???
like Chembur ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete We are very tired of this.
Hello sir, wadala ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete We are very tired of this.
Despite our previous complaints, many stray dogs ward no 17 near D-block biting residents
basically Hello sir, road dug up for construction never repaired ward 22 since monday Disgusting situation.
tbh stray dogs nto sterilized wadr no 8 population increasing
u see despite our previous complains, ward no 8 में snce yesterday से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
To whom it may concern, potholes on main roda ward no 16 causing accidents since morning STILL not resolved!!!
tbh to whom it may concern, gutter bhar gaya ward 16 mein log paani mein chal rahe When will this be fixed??
urgent complaint: wadr 38 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain over a fortnight se bahut takleef Very disappointed with MC.
trade license renewal pending over a fortnight shop w-13
yaar Swm worker absent from ward 47 near sector 7 for 2 days We are very tired of this.
yaar near the market KA footpath DUKAN ne gheer liya wadr 30 mein SINCE LAST month se This has been going on too long.
thane में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
This is to INFORM you THAT bhari wter leakage opposite the HOSPITAL sadak BHAR gayi Disgusting situation.
u see we the residents of ward no 10 want to say that small fire ward no 10 near sector 7 before it spreads plz come STILL not resolved!!!
u see dengue cases increasing ward no 22 stagnant water not removed
you know drainage overflow during rain ward 29 FLOODING streets This has been going on too long.
u see RESPECTED OFFICER, WARD 40 में at the corner कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Kab tak wait karein???
you know we the residents of ward no 18 want to say that builder ne maal near the park wrd no 18 road pe daal diya hata do
you know wter pressure very low near the park ward 11 since diwali barely enough Kab tak wait karein???
sir i want to report that stray cattle blocking rood ward 6 for 5 days
I mean Despite our previous complaints, water from tap ward 12 yellow coloured not drinkable This has been going on too long.
basically kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward 11 me over a fortnight se Disgusting situation.
you know this is to inform you that pipe phoot gayi w-12 at the corner mein paani beh raha hai Disgusting situation.
yaar i want to report that ward no 6 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi We are very tired of this.
actually Hello sir, Koramangala में व्यापार लाइसेंस past 6 hours से लंबित है Disgusting situation.
sir we the residents of w-6 want to say that fire noc required w-6 nto getting it
Applied birth cert ward no 15 snce 3 days back no movement
like despite our previous complaints, my baby born 3 din se certficate still not ready ward no 29
urgent complaint: malviya nagar ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi We are very tired of this.
dear mc, bandra west में sine last night से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Very disappointed with MC.
like urgent complaint: kachra nahi utha ward 21 mein since last month se bahut badbu This is ridiculous!
bhai hi, khadda hai behind the mall govandi mein accident hua tha kal
actually we the residents of ward 1 want to say that in front of my building wadr 1 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Kab tak wait karein???
sir We the residents of ward no 25 want to say that sewage smell unbearable ward no 25 3 din se kids cant go to school Disgusting situation.
Respected officer, cow sitting on main roaad wardd 14 traffic blocked
Dear MC, road full of potholes ward no 5 past 6 hours vehicles getting damaged कब होगा काम???
yaar We the residents of ward 40 want to say that gutter overflow ward 40 people walking in waste water Disgusting situation.
u see illegal building ban raha hai W-2 mein rok DO Please take urgent action!!!
ward 48 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
this is to inform you that garbage not collectd ward 13 महीने भर से unbearable smell
urgnt complain: ward 28 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge This has been going on too long.
basically Hi, safai nahi ho rahi Karol Bagh since the monsoon se kachra uthao na We are very tired of this.
hi, ward 10 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र for 5 dayz से नहीं मिला This has been going on too long.
you know This is to inform you that pothole AT THE junction ward 31 bike accident HAPPENED YESTERDAY
basically it's been for 10 days and still ward no 4 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain Nobody is listening to us.
water nto coming from tap near the temple WADR 30 STILL not resolved!!!
actually respected officer, kachra nahi utha ward no 23 mein over a fortnight se bahut badbu
actually despite our previous complaints, pipe phoot gayi ward 24 near d-block mein paani beh raha hai
hi, toilet band rehta hai ward no 25 mein kya fayda STILL not resolved!!!
respected officer, गड्ढे की वजह से ward 1 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा This has been going on too long.
ward no 3 MEIN dengue KE case aa rahe hain fogging karo This has been going on too long.
I mean It's been since monday and still ward 14 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
bhai W-4 में near sector 7 कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध
hi, wardd 6 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है कब होगा काम???
I mean hello sir, rood broken badly ward no 4 outside my house car tyres punctured 2 times This has been going on too long.
u see 3 people in my building GOT dengue Hadapsar please spray Kab tak wait karein???
u see it's been snce 3 days and still ward 7 mein paani band hai since 3 days se log taras rahe hain
actually it's been for 2 days and still kachra nahi utha ward 42 mein for 2 day se bahut badbu We are very tired of this.
u see hello sir, dirty smelly wter supply w-15 over a fortnight health risk This has been going on too long.
respected officer, garbage collector takes money still not collecting wrd 27 कब होगा काम???
I want to report that cylinder blast hua at the naka Borivali mein emergency This is ridiculous!
basically Paani mein mitti aa rahi hai wardd no 16 colour bhi change hai Disgusting situation.
Urgent cmplt: Borivali in the bylane mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
bhai I want to report that ward 30 mein kachra sadak pe BIMARI failegi We are very tired of this.
actually dear mc, new trade license not processed ward 8 for 5 dyas We are very tired of this.
sir To whom it may concern, no wateer since since the monsoon in wrd no 4 when will tanker come We are very tired of this.
sir despite our previous complaints, dirty smelly water supply ward 2 past 2 weeks health risk कब होगा काम???
actually respected officer, my area wrad no 6 has not seen grabage van since since yesterday Please take urgent action!!!
it's been since 3 days and still all street lamps broken ward 43 completely dark
actually wrad no 16 ki lgiht band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
bhai i want to report that major pipe burst outside my house govandi wateer wasting
I mean waste not picked ward no 26 near THE park for 2 days piling up on ROAD STILL not resolved!!!
to whom it may concern, w-2 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye Very disappointed with MC.
actually ₹12000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai wrd no 16 This has been going on too long.
urgent complaint: wrd 9 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye Kab tak wait karein???
you know online payment FAIL ho GAYI wadr 15 mein paise kat gaye Nobody is listening to us.
you know Andheri EAST KA property TAX bhar diya receipt nahi mili Kab tak wait karein???
u see Hi, water pressure very low near d-block ward 35 since last night barely enough
actually we the residents of wrd 12 want to say that drain blocked ward 12 outside my house sewage overflowing on road Very disappointed with MC.
yaar Despite our previous complaints, w-17 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें Disgusting situation.
hi, w-15 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है कब होगा काम???
paid ₹3500 property tax but still showing dues wrd no 13 Nobody is listening to us.
like dear mc, paani nahi aa raha ward no 29 mein for 10 dyas se This has been going on too long.
tbh this is to inform you that wrad no 28 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति since the rain से लंबित है
tbh this is to inform you that waterlogging after rain ward no 15 mosquito problem getting worse
you know We the residents of ward 3 want to say that ward 3 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
you know To whom it may concern, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward 12 traffic jam ho raha When will this be fixed??
tbh hadapsar में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
sir gutter bhar gaya ward 15 mein log paani mein chal rahe This is ridiculous!
actually despite our previous complaints, no water sine since last night in ward no 18 when will tanker come
building plan submitted Shivaji Nagar for 10 days no response This has been going on too long.
bhai despite our previous complaints, wator filter getting choked daily ward 38 water very bad quality Nobody is listening to us.
hello sir, ward no 25 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Disgusting situation.
you know ENTIRE W-11 in darkness after 9pm for the past week Very disappointed with MC.
basically Hi, W-18 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Please take urgent action!!!
tbh we the residents of ward no 17 want to say that stinking garbage pile at the naka ward no 17 dogs spreading it everywhere
to whom it may concern, public toilet wrad 12 very dirty not cleaned past 2 weeks When will this be fixed??
sir hi, dirty smelly water supply w-15 since monday health risk
u see respected officer, w-1 में स्ट्रीट लाइट महीने भर से से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
actually despite our previous complaints, thane में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
sir dear mc, w-16 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया कब होगा काम???
sir It's been since yesterday and still laxmi nagar office se birth certifcate nahi mila since yesterday se STILL not resolved!!!
yaar Despite our previous complaints, mutation ka koi status nahi mila wadr 22 ka
bhai death certificate nto issued ward no 9 office kaafi dino se
basically i want to report that gaaye sadak pe khadi hain wrd no 2 traffic jam ho raha
you know It's been kaafi DINO se and still wrd 8 ki sadak me ITNE KHADDE hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi We are very tired of this.
like dog attack ward 23 outside my house child got bitten pls help Nobody is listening to us.
we the residents of ward no 22 want to say that daily water supply disrupted ward no 22 past past 2 weeks pipeline blocked maybe
it rained and entire raod disappeared ward 14 only pits left Very disappointed with MC.
WARD 37 outside MY house bina PERMISSION construction HO raha hai
Hello sir, नाली से बदबू ward 9 में since last month से असहनीय हो गई है Nobody is listening to us.
to whom it may concern, ₹25000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 47
you know matunga ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili STILL not resolved!!!
I want to report that meri beti ko dengue hua wardd no 7 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua Kab tak wait karein???
tbh RESPECTED OFFICER, property tax portal down cannot pay ward no 21 STILL not resolved!!!
tbh to whom it may concern, stray cattle blocking road ward 35 sine last night
I mean It's been SINCE last month and STILL ward 33 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति since LAST month से लंबित है
Despite our previous complains, ward 42 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Disgusting situation.
u see wadr 23 में at the naka के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक Nobody is listening to us.
u see Dear MC, dog attack ward 13 near the school child got bitten plese help Please take urgent action!!!
this is to inform you that no watr sine since the rain in ward no 27 when will tanker come Kab tak wait karein???
builder started work AT night W-1 near the park no permission कब होगा काम???
bhai Meri beti ko dengue hua w-13 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
sir Dear MC, ward NO 17 ki light band HAI CHOR ka DAR lag raha HAI sach mein
bhai Hello sir, BACCHE ka CERTIFICATE nahi bana Powai mein for 5 day lag gaye Very disappointed with MC.
Respected officer, ward no 13 की सड़क की हालत खराब है over A fortnight से मरम्मत नहीं Nobody is listening to us.
sir bhai kurla me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo कब होगा काम???
you know no water since sine the monsoon in ward 29 when will tanker come STILL not resolved!!!
actually despite our previous cmplts, w-2 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें We are very tired of this.
this is to inform you that w-16 at plot no 45 में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Kab tak wait karein???
hello sir, ward no 12 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं Kab tak wait karein???
ward 8 opposite the hospital nali band hai since the rain SE badbu AA rahi
bhai building permission ke liye sinc diwali wait kar raha hoon ward 37 When will this be fixed??
like hello sir, toilet broken and stinking w-1 nobody cleaning
Despite our previous COMPLAINTS, ward no 10 MEIN DUKAN ka LICENSE renew nahi hua snce THE rain se Please take urgent action!!!
like Respected officer, all street lamps broken ward no 7 completely dark Very disappointed with MC.
hello sir, पड़ोसी ने wadr 19 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली Kab tak wait karein???
u see no public toilet Vikhroli near D-block open defecation happening
u see massive crater SIZED pothole NEAR the PARK ward no 6 SINE for 5 days When will this be fixed??
you know road condition pathetic mulund multiple potholes past 2 weeks
we the residents of thane want to say that street lgiht toot gayi in our colony thane over a fortnight se We are very tired of this.
It's been past 2 weeks and still baarish ke BAAD drain overflow WARD no 6 mein road nahi dikh raha Very disappointed with MC.
tbh We the residents of wrd no 8 want to say that water looks muddy wrad no 8 near the school for 5 days This is ridiculous!
like cylinder blast hua outside my house wardd no 20 mein emergency
basically This is to inform you THAT Andheri East mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging KARO Kab tak wait karein???
I mean This is to inform you THAT W-17 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें We are very tired of this.
basically Urgent complain: W-16 में व्यापार लाइसेंस from LAST tuesday से लंबित है
u see i want to report that waterlogging after rain ward no 12 mosquito problem getting worse Kab tak wait karein???
tbh We the residents of ward no 22 want to say that in our colony ward no 22 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
Hi, Santacruz क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति महीने भर से से बाधित है
I mean santacruz में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें Nobody is listening to us.
water from tap ward 48 yellow coloured nto drinkable
Hello sir, road dug up for construction never repaired wrd 30 since diwali
actually WE THE residents of ward NO 29 WANT to say that road dug up FOR construction never repaired WARD no 29 since LAST night
you know it's been for 2 dyas and still unauthorized building vile parle plz stop Kab tak wait karein???
you know at the junction ka footpath DUKAN ne gheer liya Mulund MEIN SINCE diwali se This is ridiculous!
like Despite our previous complaints, bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward 25 mein past 6 hours lag gaye Kab tak wait karein???
like paani mein mitti aa rahi hai wardd no 25 colour bhi change hai Very disappointed with MC.
aaj bhi ward no 7 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
ward 35 में स्ट्रीट लाइट from 4 days से बंद है रात में अंधेरा Disgusting situation.
u see It's been past 2 weeks and still trade license ke liye past 2 weeks se wait kar raha hoon ward 33 We are very tired of this.
sir despite our previous cmplts, paid property tax wrd no 12 but receipt not received कब होगा काम???
like HI, गड्ढे की वजह से ward 44 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
Dear mc, mutation ka koi status nahi mila w-6 ka
dear mc, property mutation not done ward 5 applied since morning ago
bhai mutation ka koi status nahi mila w-14 ka We are very tired of this.
you know Despite our previous complaints, wrong property tax assessment Mulund proerty
u see builder ne maal in the bylane ward 9 road pe daal diya hata do
u see dear mc, wadr 19 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है This is ridiculous!
bhai To whom it may concern, W-15 में near station अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है This has been going on too long.
bhai dear mc, garbage lying on raod ward no 14 from last tuesday disease risk
this is to inform you that नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा wadala में महीने भर से से
1 light working out of 10 in ward 42 rest all dead Very disappointed with MC.
like despite our previous cmplts, road broken badly ward 6 near sector 7 car tyres punctured 2 times कब होगा काम???
u see Urgent complaint: dustbin overflowing Wadala NOT emptied महीने भर से This is ridiculous!
u see respected officer, drainage overflow during rain hadapsar flooding streets STILL not resolved!!!
like Hi, dirty smelly wateer SUPPLY W-19 for 5 days health risk
I want to report that ward 15 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye
hello sir, birth certificate noot received w-1 office past 6 hours When will this be fixed??
garbage collector takes money still not collecting wrd 20
sir hello sir, malaria fear vile parle drian not cleaned for 10 dyas
bhai ward no 24 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye
like we the residents of ward 10 want to say that ward 10 near the market में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
tbh This is to inform you that light pole broken wadala dangerous live wire exposed Nobody is listening to us.
I mean Dear mc, people dumping garbage in front of my building shivaji nagar very unhygienic Disgusting situation.
To whom it may concern, pack of dogs CHASING people Andheri EAST very scary When will this be fixed??
yaar online property tax payment failed amount ₹5000 deducted W-15 When will this be fixed??
like w-12 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं We are very tired of this.
I mean Tax demand notice for ward no 25 but payment done since the monsoon ago Please take urgent action!!!
bhai nullah blocked ward 25 mosquito breeding happening Disgusting situation.
yaar this is to inform you that 1 light working out of 10 in dharavi rest all dead This has been going on too long.
yaar w-1 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Disgusting situation.
registered birth over a fortnight but certificate not issued indiranagar Nobody is listening to us.
actually hello sir, daily water supply disrupted ward 10 past since yesterday pipeline blocked maybe
sir i want to report that my shop has no license because w-1 office not responding This has been going on too long.
basically paani ki PROBLEM hai ward 21 mein since MORNING se nala band hogaya STILL not resolved!!!
yaar Dear MC, darin choked ward 25 for the past week foul smell health hazard
you know urgent complaint: fire broke out behind the mall ward no 9 fire brigade delayed
like Respected officer, kal kutte ne KAATA ek bacche ko wrad NO 27 mein urgent karo When will this be fixed??
I mean hi, propety tax portal down cannot pay ward 5 This has been going on too long.
you know Hello sir, RAAT KO construction CHAL raha THA ward 44 bina permission
you know Despite our previous complaints, Vikhroli से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र for 10 days से नहीं मिला This is ridiculous!
neighbor built extra floor without permission ward 34
u see w-6 at the main road mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
bhai i want to report that street lgiht not working wadr 10 near the school snce yesterday very dark at night Disgusting situation.
Hello sir, we called the garbage number 3 times Sion no response
It's been since the rain and STILL mutation ka KOI status nahi mila ward 4 ka This is ridiculous!
It's been for 2 days and still birth certificate not received Vile Parle office for 2 days
tbh manhole open hai in front of my building koi gir jayega pls cover lagao
I mean ward no 10 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi
you know W-17 में व्यापार लाइसेंस from last tuesday से लंबित है STILL not resolved!!!
like ward 42 में स्ट्रीट लाइट over a fortnight से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
yaar We the residents of wardd 37 want to say that drain blocked ward 37 near station sewage overflowing on road This has been going on too long.
like W-16 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति since morning से लंबित है
we the residents of w-19 want to say that mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani w-19
tbh Dear MC, baarish ke baad drain overflow Wadala mein road nahi dikh raha
sir it's been for 10 days and still online propety tax payment failed amount ₹12000 deducted ward no 11 We are very tired of this.
sir i want to report that toilet gandy hai at the corner w-19 for 10 days se safai karo STILL not resolved!!!
I mean hi, construction waste dumped on road wadr 8 by builder Nobody is listening to us.
bhai Dear MC, it rained and ENTIRE road disappeared ward no 3 only pits left
you know water leakage in the lane vikhroli huge wastage pls fix
my building in the bylane w-18 has no water from past 2 weeks what to do
tbh despite our previous complaints, small fire ward 28 at the main road before it spreads please come When will this be fixed??
I mean respected officer, bandra west में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Disgusting situation.
need death certificate urgently wrd 22 for insurance Nobody is listening to us.
This is to INFORM you that new trade license not processed Powai since YESTERDAY Very disappointed with MC.
like respected officer, khadda hai outside my house wadr 11 mein accident hua tha kal
basically Dear mc, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward no 22 में 1 hafte se से
yaar Dear MC, we r not getting wter W-10 4 from last tuesday wat is happening
basically respected officer, cylinder blast at plot no 45 wrad 28 need immediate help Disgusting situation.
yaar hello sir, matunga office mein plan submit kiya महीने भर से reply nahi Very disappointed with MC.
Hello sir, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain wrad 41 traffic jam ho raha Nobody is listening to us.
urgent cmplt: w-11 में near the school पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है This is ridiculous!
you know dengue cases increasing borivali stagnant water not removed
like hello sir, no water in ward no 20 since 3 dayz कब होगा काम???
u see cow sitting on main road wrad 45 traffic blocked
like RESPECTED officer, dustbin overflowing W-12 not emptied since last night Very disappointed with MC.
tbh It's been from 4 days and still गड्ढे की वजह से W-18 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा STILL not resolved!!!
tbh Urgent cmplt: safai nahi ho rahi ward 11 for the past week se kachra uthao na
basically my building near sector 7 mulund has no water from sine morning what to do Nobody is listening to us.
actually ward 32 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Please take urgent action!!!
bhai mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward 3 ka
like we called the garbge number 3 times w-1 no response Disgusting situation.
like hi, no public toilet ward 26 near the park open defecation happening Very disappointed with MC.
I want to report that entire footpath occupied by shop in our colony ward 4 since diwali This has been going on too long.
sir respected officer, water leakage at the junction wardd 3 huge wastage please fix Disgusting situation.
yaar respected officer, ward 20 mein death certificate nahi mila for the past week se urgnt hai STILL not resolved!!!
you know This is to inform you that ward 32 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति for the past week से बाधित है We are very tired of this.
basically hi, wrd 25 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें STILL not resolved!!!
Despite our previous cmplts, entire footpath occupied by shop near the park W-1 since the monsoon
sir no public toilet wardd 28 at the main road open defecation happening
like despite our previous complaints, wrad 5 में नाली बंद है from 4 days से सड़क पर गंदा पानी When will this be fixed??
no response to building permission application ward 5 since 3 days This is ridiculous!
u see we the residents of wadala want to say that road tar came off for 5 days wadala only stones left Disgusting situation.
I mean despite our previous cmplts, garbage not collected ward no 21 for 10 day unbearable smell
you know I want to report that ward 29 mein ganda paani aa raha HAI PEENE LAYAK nahi कब होगा काम???
like hi, waste noot picked ward 36 near the park for 5 days piling up on road Disgusting situation.
Dear MC, municipal tanker not coming to wadr 43 for the past week
yaar garbaje nto collected w-17 kaafi dino se unbearable smell STILL not resolved!!!
I mean respected officer, road broken badly ward no 17 near the school car tyres punctured 2 times Please take urgent action!!!
like Despite our previous complaints, ward 44 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua from last tuesday se
sir gaaye sadak pe khadi hain bandra west traffic jam ho raha This is ridiculous!
like Hi, wator pipe cracked ward 31 near D-block roaad become muddy STILL not resolved!!!
yaar dear mc, at the signal ward 4 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Kab tak wait karein???
yaar despite our previous complaints, ward 27 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua for the past week se
urgent complaint: gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward 11 traffic jam ho raha Please take urgent action!!!
tbh Hello sir, near the temple ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward no 15 mein from 4 days se Nobody is listening to us.
u see hi, cylinder blast near d-block w-10 need immediate help Kab tak wait karein???
gutter bhar gaya ward no 20 mein log paani mein chal rahe
basically urgent complaint: wrd no 27 में at the junction के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक This has been going on too long.
actually W-8 mein ligh nahi hai raat KO andhera BAHUT hota HAI When will this be fixed??
actually Despite our previous complaints, Bandra West में since the rain से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। STILL not resolved!!!
basically hello sir, पड़ोसी ने wadr 13 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली
water leakage near station W-19 huge wastage please fix
Bhai wrd no 27 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo STILL not resolved!!!
Respected officer, building plan submitted ward 39 from 4 days no response When will this be fixed??
basically tax notice came again even after paying vile parle
you know hi, ward no 2 की सड़क की हालत खराब है from last tuesday से मरम्मत नहीं Very disappointed with MC.
actually building plan submitted chembur over a fortnight no response
u see Respected officer, FIRE broke out opposite the hospital wadr 17 fire brigade delayed This has been going on too long.
tbh Dear MC, paani NAHI aa raha ward 21 mein since last MONTH se Kab tak wait karein???
i want to report that paani ki bohot problem hai in front of my building mein ward no 10 ke andar
I want to report THAT Matunga में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक We are very tired of this.
sir dear mc, powai mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo कब होगा काम???
you know we the residents of dharavi want to say that dharavi mein paani ka pipe sine 3 days se leak ho raha hai
to whom it may concern, ward no 25 की सड़क की हालत खराब है 1 hafte se से मरम्मत नहीं This has been going on too long.
yaar wrd 15 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai This is ridiculous!
i want to report that ward no 17 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
u see we the residents of ward 1 want to say that water leakage near the temple ward 1 huge wastage plz fix
bhai dear mc, at the junction ward 37 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Kab tak wait karein???
I mean despite our previous complaints, paani ki bohot problem hai in front of my building mein ward no 28 ke andar
bhai ward no 14 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein Please take urgent action!!!
builder started work at night ward 8 near the temple no permission
like hi, gutter bhar gaya ward no 28 mein log paani mein chal rahe Very disappointed with MC.
I mean we the residents of kurla want to say that aaj fir gira mai kurla ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche When will this be fixed??
actually we the residents of ward 35 want to say that 3 people in my building got dengue ward 35 plese spray Kab tak wait karein???
yaar This is to inform you that municipal tanker nto coming to ward 36 snce the rain
wrd 44 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए This is ridiculous!
like trade license renewal pending from last tuesday shop w-8 Kab tak wait karein???
tbh we the residents of wrad no 2 want to say that wrd no 2 में for 2 days से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Kab tak wait karein???
like it's been from last tuesday and still ward 14 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua from last tuesday se कब होगा काम???
u see urgent complain: water looks muddy powai near station since morning
tbh We the residents of ward no 25 want to say THAT aaj fir gira mai ward no 25 ke KHADDE mein scooter le gaya neeche This is ridiculous!
i want to report that cylinder blast hua in the bylane wrad 7 mein emergency STILL not resolved!!!
This is to inform you that birth certificate nt received wardd 5 office from 4 days Very disappointed with MC.
It's been snce the rain and still ward 37 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Very disappointed with MC.
actually phole behind the mall wrd 8 bike accident happened yesterday STILL not resolved!!!
bhai despite our previous complaints, garbage truck not coming ward no 3 sine morning This has been going on too long.
paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward 20 colour bhi change hai When will this be fixed??
to whom it may concern, ward 21 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi Nobody is listening to us.
sir respected officer, new trade license nto processed ward 32 from last tuesday
like it's been past 6 hours and still fire at building ward no 1 near the park please send fire engine We are very tired of this.
We the residents of ward NO 6 want TO say that baarish ke baad drain overflow ward no 6 MEIN road nahi dikh raha कब होगा काम???
sir we the residents of ward 12 want to say that toilet band rehta hai ward 12 mein kya fayda This is ridiculous!
ward 17 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं कब होगा काम???
you know hi, mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgnt chahiye paani ward 18 Nobody is listening to us.
street light not working w-12 near the market since 3 days very dark at night This has been going on too long.
it's been 3 din se and still powai क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति 3 din se से बाधित है
like hi, illegl building ban raha hai w-17 mein rok do
basically I want to report that cylinder blast hua in the lane ward 1 mein emergency When will this be fixed??
Despite our previous complaints, swm worker absent from ward no 15 in front of my building for 10 days
like to whom it may concern, kurla mein sadak pe bade khadde hain for the past week se bahut takleef
i want to report that paani mein mitti aa rahi hai wadr no 15 colour bhi change hai
my baby born महीने भर से certificate still not ready ward 23 This has been going on too long.
respected officer, encroachment on footpath near sector 7 ward 44 pedestrians cant walk
yaar ward 33 office mein plan submit kiya महीने भर से reply nahi Very disappointed with MC.
I mean Despite our previous complaints, meri beti ko dengue hua w-4 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua This has been going on too long.
respected officer, pipe leaking outside near the temple sion creating pothole also
u see dear mc, stinking garbage pile near the market ward 49 dogs spreading it everywhere We are very tired of this.
tbh vikhroli से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since 3 days से नहीं मिला
actually kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward 40 mein urgent karo
urgent complaint: big water leak hadapsar snce last night nobody coming to fix When will this be fixed??
u see we the residents of wrad 32 want to say that ward 32 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai STILL not resolved!!!
this is to inform you that my shop has no license because ward no 7 office not responding Kab tak wait karein???
yaar no streetlight ward 15 in our colony theft increasing
actually it's been past 2 weeks and still wardd 46 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
tbh respected officer, applied birth cert ward 5 since monday back no movement Disgusting situation.
nahi aa rha paani wadr 11 mein please koi to suno Kab tak wait karein???
this is to inform you that gutter overflow ward 8 people walking in waste water
I mean we called the garbage number 3 times w-17 no response STILL not resolved!!!
This is to INFORM you that baarish ke baad drain overflow Vikhroli mein road nahi dikh raha This is ridiculous!
I want to report that my baby born since diwali certificate still not ready Powai Very disappointed with MC.
basically To whom it may concern, borivali से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र from last tuesday से नहीं मिला कब होगा काम???
it rained and entire road disappeared wadr no 21 only pits left
u see Dear MC, khadda hai near the school WRD 46 mein accident HUA THA kal This has been going on too long.
actually raod tar came off since monday wadr no 21 only stones left Kab tak wait karein???
This IS to inform you that road dug up for costrution never repaired ward NO 2 since yesterday
hi, fire at building wardd 40 at plot no 45 pls send fire engine
tbh bacche ka certificate nahi bana wardd no 25 mein from last tuesday lag gaye Very disappointed with MC.
tbh pipe leaking ward 33 at the corner road flooded
I mean this is to inform you that ward 31 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय महीने भर से से साफ नहीं हुआ
like to whom it may concern, meri beti ko dengue hua w-15 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
actually this is to inform you that gaaye sadak pe khadi hain wadala traffic jam ho raha We are very tired of this.
tbh To whom it may concern, fire noc required matunga nto getting it This has been going on too long.
tbh we the residents of ward 6 want to say that maa ka certificate chahiye ward 6 office se since last month ho gaye Please take urgent action!!!
yaar Respected officer, WARDD no 22 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi We are very tired of this.
actually urgent complaint: pipe leaking santacruz in the lane roaad flooded Kab tak wait karein???
u see Hello sir, bhari water leakage near sector 7 sadak bhar gayi
paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward 46 colour bhi change hai STILL not resolved!!!
yaar BUILDER started work at night W-1 near THE school no permission
yaar respected officer, stray dogs not sterilized ward 47 population increasing
bhai Hi, wadr no 5 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye Very disappointed with MC.
u see urgent complaint: my shop has no license because ward 26 office not responding Very disappointed with MC.
yaar हमारे ward 34 में since the rain से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
tbh ward no 3 near the school mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi
yaar gutter overflow ward 43 people walking in waste wator Kab tak wait karein???
tbh It's been for the past week and still pipe phoot gayi ward no 23 behind the mall mein paani BEH raha hai Nobody is listening to us.
hi, ward no 20 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi Very disappointed with MC.
ward 18 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें When will this be fixed??
basically to whom it may concern, manhole cover missing near the park ward no 29 someone will fall This is ridiculous!
yaar this is to inform you that roaad pe gadd hai near d-block w-3 bike wale girte hain
I mean respected officer, mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani wrad 24 When will this be fixed??
yaar dear mc, garbage collector takes money still not collecting ward 47
u see to whom it may concern, massive crater sized pothole near sector 7 ward 14 since snce last night Kab tak wait karein???
this is to inform you that wter has weird smell and colour shivaji nagar When will this be fixed??
To whom it may CONCERN, ward 22 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar JAATE hain This has been going on too long.
hi, trade license ke liye 3 din se se wait kar raha hoon malviya nagar कब होगा काम???
urgent complaint: drain blocked ward 48 at the junction sewage overflowing on road When will this be fixed??
urgent complaint: कचरेवाले को बुलाया wadr 49 में पर कोई नहीं आया Please take urgent action!!!
like Dear MC, potholes on main road ward 3 causing accidents since monday When will this be fixed??
yaar street light wire hanging loose at the signal wardd no 26 shock risk Nobody is listening to us.
actually urgent complaint: mosquito problem w-17 behind the mall no fogging for 10 days Please take urgent action!!!
basically we the residents of ward 35 want to say that my building at the corner ward 35 has no water from for the past week what to do STILL not resolved!!!
bhai water from tap ward no 2 yellow coloured not drinkable This is ridiculous!
respected officer, my shop has no license because ward 36 office not responding Please take urgent action!!!
I mean Hi, oc application pending for 2 days ward 6 office We are very tired of this.
tbh it's been since the rain and still my shop has no license because ward no 17 office not responding
yaar kurla in the bylane में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
yaar To whom it may concern, toilet broken and stinking wrad 39 nobody cleaning Disgusting situation.
Respected officer, Thane में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं When will this be fixed??
yaar To whom it may concern, encroachment on footpath near station wardd 10 pedestrians cant walk
actually garbage lying on road borivali महीने भर से disease risk Kab tak wait karein???
tbh hi, death registered but certificate pending ward 34
dear mc, ward 20 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi Nobody is listening to us.
to whom it may concern, supply cut without notice ward no 29 since the rain Please take urgent action!!!
yaar urgent cmplt: हमारे ward 10 में since last month से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे Kab tak wait karein???
like Hi, manhole open hai at the junction koi gir jayega pls cover lagao
I mean hi, ward 31 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since diwali से नहीं मिला This is ridiculous!
u see Despite our previous complaints, at the corner matunga में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है Kab tak wait karein???
tbh Urgent complaint: ward 20 MEIN death certificate nahi mila kaafi dino se SE urgent hai Nobody is listening to us.
yaar wrad 37 की सड़क की हालत खराब है from 4 days से मरम्मत नहीं
tbh i want to report that light pole broken w-8 dangerous live wire exposed
I mean i want to report that ward no 28 में नाली बंद है since yesterday से सड़क पर गंदा पानी We are very tired of this.
I mean Hi, registered birth kaafi dino se but CERTIFICATE not issued GOVANDI When will this be fixed??
like despite our previous complaints, cylinder blast hua near the temple wardd no 9 mein emergency We are very tired of this.
tbh To whom it may concern, Laxmi Nagar at the main road mein aag lagi hai fire brigade BULAO Nobody is listening to us.
like urgent complaint: dustbin overflowing ward 5 not emptied over a fortnight
yaar It's been from last TUESDAY and still rood condition pathetic wardd 8 multiple potholes from last tuesday कब होगा काम???
all STREET lamps BROKEN wrad 15 completely dark
actually Despite our previous cmplts, ward 33 in the lane में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं This is ridiculous!
bhai hello sir, vile parle in front of my building mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi Nobody is listening to us.
u see street light not working ward 36 near sector 7 past 2 weeks very dark at night
you know It's been snce diwali and still ward 44 में व्यापार लाइसेंस since diwali से लंबित है We are very tired of this.
I mean To whom it may CONCERN, huge POTHOLES at the naka Kurla very DANGEROUS We are very tired of this.
Hi, 1 LIGHT working out of 10 in ward 6 rest all dead कब होगा काम???
urgent complaint: andheri east ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein STILL not resolved!!!
sir open manhole at the junction ward 47 very dangerous especially at night Please take urgent action!!!
sir Hello SIR, toilet GANDY hai in the lane ward NO 9 from 4 days se safai karo Nobody is listening to us.
Hi, Koramangala में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है
tbh dear mc, municipal tanker not coming to ward no 26 sine monday We are very tired of this.
basically mosquito breeding open drain WARD no 16 health risk Very disappointed with MC.
bhai Water pipe cracked indiranagar in our colony road become muddy STILL not resolved!!!
you know We the residents of W-9 want to say that W-9 में मच्छरों की समस्या महीने भर से से है
we the residents of ward no 10 want to say that dustbin bhar gayi ward no 10 mein khali karo please
u see we the residents of w-10 want to say that हमारे w-10 में over a fortnight से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
actually we the residents of ward no 7 want to say that waterlogging after rain wrd no 7 mosquito problem getting worse Please take urgent action!!!
you know respected officer, ₹3500 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward no 5
dear mc, aaj fir gira mai w-16 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche When will this be fixed??
sir Despite OUR previous complaints, TOILET always locked wrd 24 near D-block useless facility
like Dear MC, need death certificate urgently ward no 11 for insurance Very disappointed with MC.
bhai Urgent complaint: santacruz का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें Kab tak wait karein???
tbh We the residents of ward NO 20 want TO say that ward no 20 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं Very disappointed with MC.
basically To whom it may concern, applied birth cert ward no 15 since 3 days back no movement Disgusting situation.
hello sir, malaria fear ward no 21 drian not cleaned for the past week
tbh it's been from 4 day and still building permission ke liye from 4 days wait kar raha hoon w-11 Disgusting situation.
bhai Dear MC, DAILY water supply DISRUPTED W-10 past SNCE YESTERDAY pipeline blocked maybe
I mean near sector 7 Malviya Nagar ka kuda uthao yaar from 4 days se nahi utha Please take urgent action!!!
tbh Respected officer, हमारे ward no 16 में from 4 days से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे कब होगा काम???
basically We the residents of andheri east want to say that andheri east mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo This is ridiculous!
yaar Hello sir, ward 48 में मच्छरों की समस्या kaafi dino se से है Disgusting situation.
actually hi, toilet gandy hai near the temple ward 33 1 hafte se se safai karo Kab tak wait karein???
tbh i want to report that no public toilet indiranagar at the naka open defecation happening Very disappointed with MC.
I mean This is to inform you that dog attack ward 6 in front of my building child got bitten pls help
Despite our previous complaints, WARD no 24 mein public toilet nahi hai LOG bahar jaate hain Kab tak wait karein???
tbh we the residents of ward no 16 want to say that we r not getting water ward no 16 4 since diwali wat is happening When will this be fixed??
tbh despite our previous cmplts, cylinder blast hua near d-block wadr 9 mein emergency This is ridiculous!
hi, public toilet wrd 11 very dirty noot cleaned since monday
tbh Hi, cylinder blast hua at the main road w-15 mein emergency
actually this is to inform you that ward no 7 near the temple में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
actually Dear MC, NEIGHBOR built extra floor without permission WARD 27
like it rained and entire roaad disappeared ward no 12 only pits left Kab tak wait karein???
basically we the residents of ward 25 want to say that pothole near the market ward 25 bike accident happened yesterday Nobody is listening to us.
tbh To whom it may concern, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा W-8 में from 4 days से
Hi, my shop has no license because ward no 15 office not responding STILL not resolved!!!
tbh mom ko heart problem hai isliye URGENT chahiye paani ward 40 Very disappointed with MC.
sir dear mc, ward 31 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है कब होगा काम???
hello sir, stray cattle blocking rood wadala since monday When will this be fixed??
bhai Dear mc, dog attack ward 45 near the temple child got bitten plz help This is ridiculous!
bhai IT'S been past 2 weeks and still ward 33 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं Kab tak wait karein???
bhai I want to report that road broken badly ward 41 near the school car tyres punctured 2 times
actually illegal constraction hadapsar near station without permission Very disappointed with MC.
dear mc, daily water supply disrupted ward 17 past snce the monsoon pipeline blocked maybe Nobody is listening to us.
sir नाली से बदबू WADR no 15 में since the RAIN से असहनीय हो गई है Kab tak wait karein???
I mean To whom it may concern, ward no 26 MEIN awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko KAAT rahe
I mean Urgent complaint: mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward 37 ka
water supply stopped ward 10 since 3 days residents suffering badly कब होगा काम???
urgnt complaint: water pressure very low near the park W-7 since monday barely enough Nobody is listening to us.
u see dear mc, ward 39 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo Disgusting situation.
actually It's been for the past week and still applied for mutation for the past week no update ward 19 When will this be fixed??
basically Dear mc, ward 36 में मच्छरों की समस्या since the rain से है This has been going on too long.
This is to inform you that registered birth over a fortnight but certificate nto issued ward 24 Please take urgent action!!!
We the residents of ward 49 want to say that we r not getting wateer ward 49 4 for 10 days wat is happening Please take urgent action!!!
tbh ward 44 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति महीने भर से से बाधित है Very disappointed with MC.
respected officer, small fire w-8 near the park before it spreads please come
sir I want to report that paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward 15 colour bhi change hai
Respected officer, all street lamps broken ward 47 completely dark Kab tak wait karein???
tap is dry ward 37 sinc the monsoon please check the pipeline This is ridiculous!
bhai Dear MC, drain choked ward 45 1 hafte se foul smell health hazard Disgusting situation.
I mean It's been since 3 DAYS and still massive crater SIZED POTHOLE outside my house ward 31 SNCE sinc 3 days
you know To whom it may concern, ward 9 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति sine last night से बाधित है कब होगा काम???
bhai I want to report that online property tax payment failed amount some amount deducted wrd 26 When will this be fixed??
basically tax demand notice for ward 17 but payment done since last night ago
builder ne maal at the signal wardd no 13 road pe daal diya hata do
yaar we the residents of ward no 15 want to say that near the market ward no 15 ka kuda uthao yaar from last tuesday se nahi utha Kab tak wait karein???
respected officer, safai nahi ho rahi ward 40 from last tuesday se kachra uthao na STILL not resolved!!!
basically Despite our previous complaints, it rained and entire roaad disappeared ward 39 only pits LEFT STILL not resolved!!!
I mean fire noc required ward no 19 not getting it
sir hi, wardd 25 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi STILL not resolved!!!
We the residents of W-16 want to say that toilet always locked W-16 at the main road useless facility Very disappointed with MC.
yaar Hello sir, it rained and entire RAOD disappeared W-11 only pits left Very disappointed with MC.
wrd 6 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain This has been going on too long.
basically hello sir, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा laxmi nagar में since 3 days से This has been going on too long.
tbh This is to inform you that public toilet wrd no 7 very dirty not cleaned from 4 days STILL not resolved!!!
you know Govandi में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Nobody is listening to us.
actually Despite our previous complaints, safai nahi ho rahi ward no 25 3 din se se kachra uthao na
i want to report that builder started work at night ward 10 near sector 7 no permission This has been going on too long.
you know ward 29 at the corner bina permission construction ho raha hai
urgnt complaint: पड़ोसी ने ward 22 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली
basically building mein aag ward 24 jaldi aao
basically This is to INFORM you that neighbor built extra floor without permission wardd 48
This is to inform you that wire latki hui hai outside my house shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
yaar To whom it may concern, WARD NO 9 में for the past week से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Very disappointed with MC.
like mosquito problem borivali outside my house no fogging since last month
bhai hi, no streetlight ward 31 near the school theft increasing
to whom it may concern, road dug up for construction never repaired ward no 8 sinc the monsoon Very disappointed with MC.
we called the garbage number 3 times w-13 no response This has been going on too long.
you know Urgent complaint: garbage truck not coming wrd 32 over a fortnight This has been going on too long.
urgent complain: safai nahi ho rahi ward no 5 3 din se se kachra uthao na
it's been for 5 days and still manhole cover missing in front of my building ward 35 someone will fall
respected officer, builder ne maal opposite the hospital ward no 27 road pe daal diya hata do We are very tired of this.
sir to whom it may concern, vile parle में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं Disgusting situation.
It's been since the rain and still road broken badly ward 7 near the park car tyres punctured 2 times
dear mc, ward no 14 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Disgusting situation.
bhai w-4 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete
wardd 28 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Very disappointed with MC.
meri beti ko dengue hua ward no 20 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua Disgusting situation.
I mean it's been for 10 days and still people dumping garbage at the signal ward no 11 very unhygienic Disgusting situation.
like to whom it may concern, malaria fear ward 31 drain not cleaned since the rain
actually This is to inform you that water looks muddy wadr no 19 behind the mall महीने भर से This is ridiculous!
to whom it may concern, street light noot working ward 47 at the corner for 5 days very dark at night Disgusting situation.
This is to inform you that 3 people in my building got dengue vikhroli please spray कब होगा काम???
actually ward 29 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं We are very tired of this.
you know Hi, ward 17 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें We are very tired of this.
actually ward no 26 mein paani ka pipe since last night se leak ho raha hai
I mean i want to report that wire latki hui hai at the corner shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
you know hello sir, bhai ward 25 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo Kab tak wait karein???
bhai it's been since last night and still new trade license nt processed wrad 22 since last night कब होगा काम???
building permission ke liye since monday wait kar raha hoon ward no 26 This is ridiculous!
tbh W-9 office mein plan submit kiya 1 HAFTE se reply nahi Nobody is listening to us.
like Urgent complaint: pipe toot gayi in the lane ward 30 ke paas jaldi aao This has been going on too long.
entire footpath occupied by shop at plot no 45 ward 33 for 5 dyas Nobody is listening to us.
yaar urgent complaint: shivaji nagar से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र since the rain से नहीं मिला
you know khadda hai near sector 7 w-11 mein accident hua tha kal When will this be fixed??
it's been from last tuesday and still paid ₹25000 property tax but still showing dues w-13 This has been going on too long.
basically DAILY water SUPPLY disrupted ward 41 past for 2 days pipeline blocked MAYBE
गड्ढे की वजह से indiranagar में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा When will this be fixed??
pack of dogs chasing people shivaji nagar very scary When will this be fixed??
I mean hi, stray cattle blocking road vikhroli past 2 weeks
like Hello sir, khadda hai outside my house ward no 6 mein accident hua tha kal
u see to whom it may concern, street ligth wire hanging loose at the naka ward 14 shock risk This is ridiculous!
We the residents of ward 9 want to say that footpath pe encroachment hai at plot no 45 ward 9 mein
To whom it may concern, no water in w-5 since morning Disgusting situation.
hello sir, gutter bhar gaya sion mein log paani mein chal rahe We are very tired of this.
you know Urgent complaint: ward 29 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi Disgusting situation.
u see Hi, maa ka certificate chahiye W-9 office se past 6 hours ho gaye Kab tak wait karein???
u see paid propety tax ward no 14 but receipt noot received When will this be fixed??
actually wardd 36 में sinc the rain से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Nobody is listening to us.
like in our colony ward 42 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है Kab tak wait karein???
tbh wrd no 21 में kaafi dino se से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय We are very tired of this.
u see wrad no 22 में since morning से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
manhole cover missing in the bylane ward 23 someone will fall कब होगा काम???
yaar Ward 1 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति for 2 days से बाधित है
bhai ward no 13 mein PUBLIC TOILET NAHI hai log bahar jaate hain
actually mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward 1 Nobody is listening to us.
sir hi, water has weird smell and colour w-9
yaar it's been since 3 days and still wardd 39 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
sir it's been past 6 hours and still entire wardd 3 in darkness after 9pm past 6 hours Very disappointed with MC.
this is to inform you that grabage collector takes money still not collecting ward 24 Disgusting situation.
yaar despite our previous complaints, ward no 7 outside my house bina permission construction ho raha hai
sir Despite our previous cmplts, wrong property tax assessment ward no 5 property Disgusting situation.
I mean respected officer, waste not picked w-15 at the main roda sine last month piling up on roda
bhai tax demand notice for bandra west but payment done over a fortnight ago कब होगा काम???
wrad 7 mein awaara KUTTE bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe कब होगा काम???
like this is to inform you that नाली से बदबू wardd 7 में past 6 hours से असहनीय हो गई है कब होगा काम???
Dear MC, WE r not GETTING water ward 45 4 for 2 days wat is happening
sir URGENT complaint: 3 people in MY BUILDING got dengue ward no 20 plz spray Please take urgent action!!!
hi, pipe leaking outside near the market ward 29 creating pothole also Please take urgent action!!!
it's been snce last month and still ward 1 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi We are very tired of this.
bhai commencement certificate not received ward 21 despite approval This is ridiculous!
bhai hi, cow sitting on main road w-16 traffic blocked Kab tak wait karein???
basically major pipe burst outside my house ward 21 water wasting कब होगा काम???
bhai We the residents of wrd no 25 want to say that ward no 25 में since the rain से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Disgusting situation.
basically ward no 20 at the main road bina permission construction ho raha hai Disgusting situation.
It's been for 10 days and still builder started work at night ward 45 at the naka no permission Very disappointed with MC.
i want to report that open manhole near the school ward 48 very dangerous especially at night
this is to inform you that tax demand notice for w-14 but payment done sine diwali ago Very disappointed with MC.
bhai we the residents of wrad no 18 want to say that waterlogging after rain wadr no 18 mosquito problem getting worse
bhai Raat ko constuction chal raha tha sion bina permission Disgusting situation.
It's been since last night and still road pe gadd hai near station w-7 bike wale girte hain
sir Hello sir, tax notice came again even after paying wardd 6
basically Despite our PREVIOUS complaints, illegall costrution wadr 18 NEAR the temple without permission कब होगा काम???
my baby born since 3 days certificate still not ready ward no 5
actually this is to inform you that w-15 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Disgusting situation.
actually Brown water coming wrad no 13 children getting sick STILL not resolved!!!
sir Respected officer, we r not getting water ward no 2 4 since last night wat is happening
yaar public TOILET ward 30 very dirty NOT cleaned past 2 weeks Disgusting situation.
To whom it may concern, encroachment on footpath at the signal ward 26 pedestrians cant walk Very disappointed with MC.
like it's been 3 din se and still ward no 19 mein mutation nahi hua 3 din se se apply kiya tha Disgusting situation.
actually ward 14 mein paani band hai over a fortnight se log taras rahe hain This is ridiculous!
dear mc, toilet gandy hai near the temple ward no 17 for 5 days se safai karo
I mean ward 36 mein death certificate nahi MILA since 3 dyas se urgent hai Very disappointed with MC.
yaar respected officer, paid property tax ward 44 but receipt noot received This has been going on too long.
this is to inform you that commencement certficate not received shivaji nagar despite approval Very disappointed with MC.
to whom it may concern, wrong proprty tax assessment ward 10 proprty Nobody is listening to us.
despite our previous complains, muicipal tanker not coming to ward no 22 since 3 days कब होगा काम???
basically Powai से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र sinc yesterday से नहीं मिला Nobody is listening to us.
actually this is to inform you that drain blocked ward 43 near the market sewage overflowing on road
this is to inform you that garbage collector takes money still not collecting vikhroli
tbh ward no 26 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली This has been going on too long.
sir Dear mc, mosquito breeding open drian ward no 12 health risk कब होगा काम???
like water looks muddy ward no 14 in our colony since last night कब होगा काम???
bhai hello sir, borivali में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं This has been going on too long.
you know It rained and entire raod disappeared malviya nagar only pits left Very disappointed with MC.
sir hi, ward 32 में मच्छरों की समस्या for the past week से है Please take urgent action!!!
basically it's been kaafi dino se and still ward no 24 office se birth certificate nahi mila kaafi dino se se
you know despite our previous complaints, manhole open hai near sector 7 koi gir jayega please cover lagao कब होगा काम???
tbh building mein aag ward 8 jaldi aao
you know nullah blocked ward 28 mosquito breeding happening
yaar despite our previous complaints, illegal construction ward no 19 near the park without permission
yaar W-3 में past 2 weeks से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Nobody is listening to us.
like my shop has no license because ward no 2 office not responding This has been going on too long.
death certiifcate not issued ward no 6 office since diwali
tbh I want to report that w-5 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
I mean hi, toilet band rehta hai ward 40 mein kya fayda Disgusting situation.
u see We the residents of ward no 5 want to say that stray cattle blocking road ward no 5 past 6 hours This is ridiculous!
Hi, illegal construction ward no 1 at the junction without permission
pipe toot gayi near the school ward no 18 ke paas jaldi aao STILL not resolved!!!
i want to report that aaj fir gira mai shivaji nagar ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche Nobody is listening to us.
sir ward 17 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
basically commencement certificate not received w-11 despite approval
Despite our previous complaints, construction without plan approval W-17
it's been 3 din se and still dog attack w-18 in the bylane child got bitten plese help We are very tired of this.
Respected officer, ward 27 near the temple nali band hai since the rain se badbu aa rahi
bhai street light wire hanging loose opposite the hospital borivali shock risk
respected officer, w-19 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय from last tuesday से साफ नहीं हुआ
actually It's been for 2 days and still death certificate not issued ward 4 office for 2 day When will this be fixed??
bhai building permission ke liye since monday wait kar raha hoon ward 38 We are very tired of this.
respected officer, builder ne maal near the park ward 31 road pe daal diya hata do
u see propety tax portal down cannot pay ward 24
sir many stray dogs ward 6 opposite the hospital biting residents STILL not resolved!!!
you know ward no 17 में in front of my building पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है Nobody is listening to us.
basically hi, meri beti ko dengue hua w-6 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
I mean ward no 29 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Kab tak wait karein???
you know dear mc, koramangala near the park mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi
u see safai nahi ho rahi hadapsar past 6 hours se kachra uthao na कब होगा काम???
I mean it's been महीने भर से and still we r noot getting water malviya nagar 4 महीने भर से wat is happening This has been going on too long.
sir to whom it may concern, bacche ka certificate nahi bana wrd 12 mein for 2 dayz lag gaye This is ridiculous!
sir urgent complaint: water noot coming from tap near the school ward 19 Nobody is listening to us.
u see Ward no 16 में मच्छरों की समस्या since morning से है Please take urgent action!!!
tbh We the residents of koramangala want to say that ₹3500 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai koramangala Very disappointed with MC.
basically It's been for 2 days and still street light not working dharavi at plot no 45 for 2 days very dark at night STILL not resolved!!!
I mean we the residents of wrd 16 want to say that nahi aa rha paani ward 16 mein pls koi to suno Kab tak wait karein???
you know i want to report that paani nahi aa raha wrd 39 mein since the monsoon se
we the residents of hadapsar want to say that illegal building ban raha hai hadapsar mein rok do This is ridiculous!
fire broke out near d-block laxmi nagar fire brigade delayed
tap is dry w-16 sinc the rain plese check the pipeline We are very tired of this.
sir illegal dump outside my house ward no 9 flies mosquitoes everywhere Very disappointed with MC.
Urgent complaint: stray cattle blocking road ward no 15 from 4 days Very disappointed with MC.
like This is to inform you that bhari wator leakage outside my house SADAK BHAR gayi
u see wrad no 27 mein paani ka pipe since last night se leak ho raha hai When will this be fixed??
u see Hi, pipe phoot gayi W-14 at the corner mein paani beh raha hai
Respected officer, gutter overflow Koramangala people walking in waste water Disgusting situation.
bhai I want to report that aaj bhi wrd 28 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo This has been going on too long.
hello sir, ward no 17 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Kab tak wait karein???
u see respected officer, near the market ward no 16 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है When will this be fixed??
sir Hello sir, no wter IN W-14 for 5 dayz
u see urgent complaint: teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward 40 ka kuda uthane This is ridiculous!
I mean ilegal dump at the junction ward no 17 flies mosquitoes everywhere
dear mc, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko w-6 mein urgent karo When will this be fixed??
u see road full of potholes wadr no 8 since the monsoon vehicles getting damaged We are very tired of this.
basically respected officer, some amount bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai laxmi nagar This has been going on too long.
tbh hello sir, toilet band rehta hai thane mein kya fayda Nobody is listening to us.
yaar pack of dogs chasing people powai very scary When will this be fixed??
It's been for 5 days and still garbage truck nt coming wadr 33 for 5 days
u see Despite our previous complaints, ward 16 mein paani band hai since the rain se log taras rahe hain
basically To whom it may concern, wator from tap ward 1 yellow coloured not drinkable Disgusting situation.
Respected officer, cow sitting on main roda ward 9 traffic blocked
to whom it may concern, w-7 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है This is ridiculous!
i want to report that ward 24 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo STILL not resolved!!!
yaar Dear MC, ward 20 at the main road bina permission construction ho raha hai
bhai respected officer, trade license ke liye 1 hafte se se wait kar raha hoon ward 30
despite our previous complaints, garbaage lying on road ward 27 since 3 day disease risk Disgusting situation.
i want to report that many stray dogs w-18 in front of my building biting residents We are very tired of this.
tbh respected officer, water looks muddy ward no 4 in the bylane from last tuesday Disgusting situation.
basically toilet always locked ward no 9 in front of my building useless facility This has been going on too long.
sir urgent cmplt: in the lane w-9 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko STILL not resolved!!!
i want to report that main pipeline burst malviya nagar water gushing out from last tuesday
Dear MC, Borivali mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
i want to report that online property tax payment failed amount ₹5000 deducted ward no 13 STILL not resolved!!!
basically we the residents of ward 21 want to say that नाली से बदबू ward 21 में since the rain से असहनीय हो गई है
yaar Respected officer, ward no 13 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय past 2 weeks से साफ नहीं हुआ STILL not resolved!!!
sir This is to inform you that death registered but certificate pending ward no 25 We are very tired of this.
I mean it's been sinc last night and still gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward no 22 traffic jam ho raha This has been going on too long.
this is to inform you that wator has weird smell and colour matunga Very disappointed with MC.
this is to inform you that stray cattle blocking roda ward no 16 since morning
kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward 8 mein urgent karo
I mean despite our previous complaints, water not coming from tap near station w-11 When will this be fixed??
tbh Hi, wrad 19 mein dengue ke CASE aa rahe hain fogging karo This is ridiculous!
kurla ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge We are very tired of this.
to whom it may concern, kab aayega paani powai mein itna wait kar rahe hain When will this be fixed??
basically hello sir, ward 21 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें STILL not resolved!!!
u see Pipe phoot gayi ward no 5 near d-block mein paani beh raha hai कब होगा काम???
yaar dear mc, in the lane govandi mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Very disappointed with MC.
you know It's been for 2 days and still applied birth cert W-14 for 2 dyas back no movement
it's been for the past week and still हमारे ward no 13 में for the past week से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे कब होगा काम???
I mean Despite our previous complaints, ward 18 की सड़क की हालत खराब है महीने भर से से मरम्मत नहीं STILL not resolved!!!
u see applied birth cert wrad 31 since last month back no movement When will this be fixed??
hadapsar में मच्छरों की समस्या महीने भर से से है
fire at building ward no 4 in the lane please send fire engine Disgusting situation.
actually respected officer, small fire ward no 6 at plot no 45 before it spreads please come कब होगा काम???
basically It's been kaafi dino se and still commencement certificate not received wardd 3 despite approval Disgusting situation.
massive crater sized pothole at the naka w-5 since kaafi dino se STILL not resolved!!!
hi, koramangala में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
wire latki hui HAI at the SIGNAL shock lag sakta hai kisi ko Nobody is listening to us.
actually GARBAGE lying on road ward NO 24 over A fortnight DISEASE risk
Despite our previous complaints, WARD 6 में नामांतरण for 5 day से लंबित है कब होगा कब होगा काम???
कचरेवाले को बुलाया wrd 43 में पर कोई नहीं आया We are very tired of this.
like i want to report that oc application pending sinc diwali ward 13 office
basically we the residents of wadr no 22 want to say that my baby born 1 hafte se certificate still not ready ward no 22
you know Applied trade license महीने भर से ago mulund still waiting
bhai Drain choked wrd 39 over a fortnight foul smell health hazard
bhai waste not picked hadapsar at the junction for the past week piling up on raod STILL not resolved!!!
tbh thane mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo This is ridiculous!
yaar This is to inform you that pipe leaking outside at the naka andheri east creating pothole also Please take urgent action!!!
u see THIS is TO inform you that paid PROPERTY tax ward no 29 but receipt not received Nobody is listening to us.
yaar Entire w-7 in darkness after 9pm from last tuesday This is ridiculous!
sir To whom it may concern, all street lamps broken Dharavi completely dark Kab tak wait karein???
you know ward 32 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
bhai To WHOM it may concern, it rained and entire ROAD disappeared W-8 ONLY pits LEFT Kab tak wait karein???
dustbin overflowing ward no 15 noot emptied for 2 dayz कब होगा काम???
actually this is to inform you that w-6 में past 6 hours से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Disgusting situation.
I mean fire at building dharavi near station pleese send fire engine This has been going on too long.
tbh Respected officer, ward 23 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
urgnt complain: kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko W-9 mein urgent karo We are very tired of this.
this is to inform you that applied birth cert ward no 27 since last month back no movement Kab tak wait karein???
it's been past 6 hours and still nullah blocked wrad 37 mosquito breeding happening This has been going on too long.
tbh no streetlight ward 35 near D-block theft increasing We are very tired of this.
basically To whom it may concern, ward no 21 में near the school अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
u see Malaria fear vile parle drian not cleaned for 5 days
you know THIS is to inform you that MANHOLE COVER missing behind the mall wrd 23 someone WILL fall
tbh Hi, garbage lying on road ward no 18 since yesterday disease risk Please take urgent action!!!
tbh ward NO 19 near the market nali band hai since last night se badbu aa rahi STILL not resolved!!!
DESPITE our previous complaints, ward 32 में for the past week से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Kab tak wait karein???
bhai Dear MC, encroachment on footpath at the signal W-11 pedestrians cant walk Kab tak wait karein???
bhai it's been past 6 hours and still ward 11 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति past 6 hours से लंबित है Nobody is listening to us.
like Despite our previous complaints, fire broke out at the junction w-15 fire brigade delayed
urgnt complaint: ward no 11 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete
you know we the residents of powai want to say that proprty mutation not done powai applied since diwali ago Kab tak wait karein???
I mean dear mc, tax notice came again even after paying w-14 Disgusting situation.
yaar Urgent complaint: wter has weird smell and colour wardd 39 This is ridiculous!
yaar urgent complaint: paid property tax ward 32 but receipt not received Very disappointed with MC.
Dear MC, gutter overflow ward 1 people walking in waste water
like wrad no 5 में स्ट्रीट लाइट since last month से बंद है रात में अंधेरा Kab tak wait karein???
Ward no 15 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi We are very tired of this.
u see Respected officer, paid proprty tax Mulund but receipt not received Disgusting situation.
To whom it may concern, illegal dump near the park W-16 flies mosquitoes everywhere
no water since over a fortnight in ward no 5 when will tanker come
tbh respected officer, गड्ढे की वजह से ward 16 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Very disappointed with MC.
road full of potholes powai sinc monday vehicles getting damaged
hello sir, wardd no 20 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Kab tak wait karein???
Dear MC, nahi aa rha paani ward no 12 mein please koi to suno
u see dear mc, ward 14 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय 1 hafte se से साफ नहीं हुआ
u see small fire wrd 45 in our colony before it spreads pleese come Nobody is listening to us.
basically पड़ोसी ने ward 9 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली When will this be fixed??
ward 43 में महीने भर से से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय कब होगा काम???
hello sir, toilet broken and stinking ward 44 nobody cleaning
property mutation not done ward 14 applied from 4 dayz ago
I mean w-8 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe
ward no 6 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें STILL not resolved!!!
urgent complaint: baarish ke baad drain overflow andheri east mein roda nahi dikh raha
you know We the residents of Hadapsar want to say that oc application pending since yesterday Hadapsar office This has been going on too long.
it's been 3 din se and still कचरेवाले को बुलाया sion में पर कोई नहीं आया Nobody is listening to us.
despite our previous complaints, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward 6 me over a fortnight se कब होगा काम???
like respected officer, drainn blocked ward 18 at the junction sewage overflowing on road STILL not resolved!!!
to whom it may concern, paani ki bohot problem hai in our colony mein w-14 ke andar
you know dear mc, stray cattle blocking road w-11 for 2 days
u see hello sir, encroachment on footpath near the market ward 19 pedestrians cant walk
basically water from tap ward no 1 yellow coloured nto drinkable This has been going on too long.
yaar urgent complaint: no water since since the rain in Malviya Nagar when will tanker come Very disappointed with MC.
basically i want to report that meri beti ko dengue hua chembur mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua Disgusting situation.
sir Respected officer, nahi aa rha paani ward no 27 mein plz koi to suno
कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 37 में पर कोई नहीं आया STILL not resolved!!!
bhai hello sir, wter supply stopped ward 19 for 5 dayz residents suffering badly
u see it's been snce last month and still applied trade license since last month ago ward 23 still waiting Very disappointed with MC.
like dear mc, w-9 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र for 10 days से नहीं मिला Disgusting situation.
ward 18 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
you know Despite our previous complaints, mutation request pending ward 3 since morning please process Very disappointed with MC.
I mean water pressure very low at the corner wardd 38 since morning barely enough We are very tired of this.
bhai it's been past 6 hours and still street light noot working w-16 at the main road past 6 hours very dark at night
This is to inform you THAT supply cut without notice wrd 41 since LAST MONTH Kab tak wait karein???
like bhari water leakage in the bylane sadak bhar gayi
tbh maa ka certifcate chahiye wardd 23 office se since diwali ho gaye This is ridiculous!
sir Despite our PREVIOUS complaints, gutter bhar gaya W-16 MEIN LOG paani mein chal rahe Disgusting situation.
basically despite our previous complaints, ward 22 mein mutation nahi hua since monday se apply kiya tha STILL not resolved!!!
municipal tanker not coming to ward 4 past 6 hours
I mean hello sir, illegal building ban raha hai w-14 mein rok do Disgusting situation.
like We the residents of ward 34 want to say that online property tax payment failed amount some amount deducted ward 34 कब होगा काम???
basically ward 5 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
THIS is to INFORM you THAT water has weird smell and colour ward 14
sir major pipe burst in our colony Mulund water wasting Nobody is listening to us.
I mean online payment fail ho gayi ward 12 mein paise kat gaye STILL not resolved!!!
basically despite our previous cmplts, pothole outside my house w-2 bike accident happened yesterday STILL not resolved!!!
actually Urgent complaint: water leakage in our colony ward no 13 huge wastage pleese fix
i want to report that borivali in front of my building mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi When will this be fixed??
at plot no 45 ward no 1 mein kutte BAHUT aggressive hain raat ko
bhai We the residents of Sion want to say that online payment fail ho gayi Sion mein paise kat gaye This is ridiculous!
u see we the residents of santacruz want to say that santacruz ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi
we the residents of w-15 want to say that w-15 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo STILL not resolved!!!
basically tax notice aaya hai wardd 9 ka lekin payment ho chuki
u see ward 12 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe
open manhole at the corner w-2 very dangerous especially at night This is ridiculous!
sir hello sir, wadr 29 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है since monday से We are very tired of this.
Ward no 20 at the naka nali band hai kaafi dino se se badbu aa rahi
hello sir, ward no 25 opposite the hospital bina permission constraction ho raha hai This has been going on too long.
like ward no 9 mein death certificate nahi mila for 2 days se urgent hai This is ridiculous!
this is to inform you that encroachment on footpath at the main roda ward no 4 pedestrians cant walk This has been going on too long.
This is to inform you that building plan submitted Karol Bagh महीने भर से no response
actually urgent complaint: W-9 mein death certificate nahi mila over a fortnight se urgent hai Disgusting situation.
sir to whom it may concern, ward no 25 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें When will this be fixed??
garbage truck noot coming w-3 past 6 hours Disgusting situation.
paid property TAX WARD no 22 but RECEIPT not RECEIVED
bhai ward no 7 office se birth certificate nahi mila 3 din se se STILL not resolved!!!
my area ward 27 has not seen garbage van since sinc last month This has been going on too long.
actually toilet gandy hai in front of my building ward no 1 for 5 days se safai karo Please take urgent action!!!
tbh it's been past 2 weeks and still dustbin overflowing w-1 not emptied past 2 weeks
you know urgnt complain: wrong proprty tax assessment ward 43 property Disgusting situation.
no watr since for the past week in ward 16 when will tanker come STILL not resolved!!!
sir respected officer, wrad 34 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye Kab tak wait karein???
like this is to inform you that online property tax payment failed amount ₹25000 deducted ward no 22 Kab tak wait karein???
it's been since the monsoon and still hadapsar से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र sinc the monsoon से नहीं मिला
u see DEAR MC, KACHRA nahi utha WARD 18 mein past 2 WEEKS se bahut badbu
I want TO report that GARBAGE wala nahi aaya W-3 at THE junction 3 din se se When will this be fixed??
I want TO report that constuction without plan approval W-15
Despite our previous complaints, water pressure very LOW near the temple W-14 since 3 days barely enough
Encroachment on footpath outside my house shivaji nagar pedestrians cant walk Kab tak wait karein???
Dear MC, mosquito problem ward no 7 near D-block no fogging for the past week STILL not resolved!!!
To whom it may concern, cow sitting on main road ward 10 traffic blocked
urgnt complaint: safai nahi ho rahi ward no 10 from last tuesday se kachra uthao na Disgusting situation.
This is to inform you that kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi w-1 me since monday se
u see Nullah blocked ward no 1 mosquito breeding happening Very disappointed with MC.
yaar it's been past 2 weeks and still footpath pe encroachment hai near the park ward 3 mein
yaar i want to report that ilegal dump at the signal wadr 13 flies mosquitoes everywhere
yaar hi, malaria fear indiranagar drainn not cleaned snce the monsoon
you know Despite our previous complaints, road DUG up for constuction never repaired ward 17 for the past week
garbage noot collected w-13 since morning unbearable smell When will this be fixed??
yaar urgent complaint: santacruz ki roaad bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Please take urgent action!!!
u see we the residents of ward 25 want to say that road repair karo wadr 25 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
actually hi, raat ko construction chal raha tha ward 47 bina permission STILL not resolved!!!
this is to inform you that water looks muddy ward 3 near the school since morning
u see We THE residents of ward no 24 want to say that in the bylane ward no 24 ka kuda uthao yaar since diwali se nahi utha
sir to whom it may concern, potholes on main road ward no 29 causing accidents for 10 days
this is to inform you that pipe phoot gayi ward 39 near station mein paani beh raha hai Nobody is listening to us.
like road dug up for constraction never repaired ward no 10 since the rain STILL not resolved!!!
tbh This IS to INFORM you that manhole cover missing behind the mall W-2 someone will fall Kab tak wait karein???
It's been since the rain and still w-4 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai Disgusting situation.
like urgent complaint: water from tap pimpri yellow coloured not drinkable Kab tak wait karein???
basically respected officer, waterlogging after rain ward 21 mosquito problem getting worse Kab tak wait karein???
basically Dear MC, pipe toot gayi opposite the hospital ward 19 ke paas JALDI aao कब होगा काम???
I mean URGNT complaint: wrd NO 24 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है कब होगा काम???
u see no public toilet ward 6 at the signal open defecation happening Please take urgent action!!!
actually we the residents of ward 26 want to say that pothole near the school ward 26 bike accident happened yesterday
Hi, water not COMING FROM tap in the lane ward 15
u see i want to report that pipe phoot gayi ward 25 near d-block mein paani beh raha hai Please take urgent action!!!
respected officer, bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward 38 mein sine diwali lag gaye STILL not resolved!!!
u see respected officer, wator pressure very low opposite the hospital ward 25 1 hafte se barely enough
yaar to whom it may concern, paani ki bohot problem hai in our colony mein ward 2 ke andar When will this be fixed??
Hello sir, road condition pathetic W-11 multiple POTHOLES since last NIGHT Nobody is listening to us.
actually it's been since monday and still ward 11 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Disgusting situation.
you know It's been sine monday and still WE r not getting wator ward no 25 4 since monday wat is happening STILL not resolved!!!
This is to inform you THAT ward no 12 mein DEATH certficate nahi mila 3 din se se urgent hai Kab tak wait karein???
yaar Respected officer, wadr no 4 mein paani ka pipe past 6 hours se leak ho raha hai We are very tired of this.
u see This is to inform you that paani ki problem hai ward 31 mein 1 hafte se se nala band hogaya
Despite our previous complaints, W-10 में 1 HAFTE se से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। When will this be fixed??
u see Hi, ward no 26 में स्ट्रीट लाइट since the rain से बंद है रात में अंधेरा This has been going on too long.
respected officer, builder started work at night ward 11 outside my house no permission STILL not resolved!!!
sir respected officer, andheri east में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें When will this be fixed??
u see to whom it may concern, my scooter fell in pothole ward 43 at the corner i got hurt We are very tired of this.
basically hello sir, road tar came off past 2 weeks wadala only stones left कब होगा काम???
you know Despite our previous complains, new trade license noot processed wardd no 26 past 6 hours Very disappointed with MC.
sir this is to inform you that no public toilet wadr 39 opposite the hospital open defecation happening
hello sir, ligt pole broken ward 27 dangerous live wire exposed
mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgnt chahiye paani ward no 20 This is ridiculous!
daily water supply disrupted sion past sinc 3 days pipeline blocked maybe We are very tired of this.
yaar Hello sir, water looks muddy wadr no 25 opposite the hospital past 2 weeks कब होगा काम???
basically this is to inform you that wadr no 4 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र since morning से नहीं मिला We are very tired of this.
yaar drainage overflow during rain ward no 20 flooding streets Very disappointed with MC.
actually we the residents of ward 18 want to say that death registered but certiifcate pending ward 18
bhai Hi, water noot coming from tap at the main road ward 45 We are very tired of this.
we the residents of mulund want to say that meri beti ko dengue hua mulund mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
dirty smelly water supply ward 25 1 hafte se health risk When will this be fixed??
I mean mosquito breeding open darin chembur health risk When will this be fixed??
like We the residents of WARD 15 want to say THAT wadr 15 में in the bylane पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
like hello sir, ward no 20 near the market mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
I mean this is to inform you that गड्ढे की वजह से ward 49 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Disgusting situation.
yaar Respected officer, हमारे Hadapsar में since the monsoon से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे कब होगा काम???
supply cut without notice w-1 snce the monsoon Kab tak wait karein???
Hi, ward no 24 KA paani SMELL kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Disgusting situation.
ward 49 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua past 2 weeks se Kab tak wait karein???
sir we called THE garbage NUMBER 3 times Bandra West NO response
tbh I want to report that constraction waste dumped on road ward no 2 by builder Kab tak wait karein???
like hello sir, ward 25 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति from 4 days से लंबित है Nobody is listening to us.
कचरेवाले को बुलाया WRAD 30 में पर कोई नहीं आया Please take urgent action!!!
like i want to report that ward 47 में नाली बंद है महीने भर से से सड़क पर गंदा पानी STILL not resolved!!!
sir To whom it may concern, W-11 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें We are very tired of this.
yaar to whom it may concern, toilet band rehta hai ward no 6 mein kya fayda This is ridiculous!
hello sir, machhar bahut hain ward 39 since the monsoon se spray kab karoge
basically dear mc, mutation request pending ward no 25 from 4 days plese process Kab tak wait karein???
stray dogs not sterilized ward no 4 population increasing
I mean Dear mc, brown water coming ward 45 children getting sick
sir w-2 में at the corner पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
yaar Respected officer, trade license renewal pending SNCE the monsoon shop wrd 9 Very disappointed with MC.
despite our previous cmplts, wardd 42 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Nobody is listening to us.
i want to report that roaad broken badly wardd 2 in the lane car tyres punctured 2 times
yaar Urgnt complain: gutter overflow w-16 people walking in waste water कब होगा काम???
actually To whom it may concern, waste not picked andheri east near the market since last night piling up on road Please take urgent action!!!
bhai dear mc, dengue cases increasing ward no 16 stagnant water not removed
like malaria fear wadr 29 drian nt cleaned for 10 days
To whom it may concern, WARD 41 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है महीने भर से से We are very tired of this.
you know We the residents of wadr 25 want to say that ward 25 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
basically trade license ke liye past 6 hours se wait kar raha hoon w-5 Disgusting situation.
I mean This is TO INFORM YOU that kab AAYEGA paani ward 28 mein itna wait kar rahe HAIN
sir Dog attack wrd 11 at the signal child got bitten plz help Very disappointed with MC.
respected officer, waterlogging after rain w-6 mosquito problem getting worse Please take urgent action!!!
actually Hi, aaj bhi ward 44 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo Very disappointed with MC.
basically i want to report that pipe leaking hadapsar at the signal road flooded
u see hi, ward 8 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय since monday से साफ नहीं हुआ Please take urgent action!!!
respected officer, pack of dogs chasing people wrad no 3 very scary When will this be fixed??
we the residents of powai want to say that illegl constuction powai outside my house without permission This has been going on too long.
respected officer, fire at building ward 19 at the main road plz send fire engine
urgent complain: huge potholes near the market w-19 very dangerous This has been going on too long.
basically Despite our previous complaints, ward NO 20 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
bhai this is to inform you that safai nahi ho rahi wadala for 2 days se kachra uthao na
Andheri East ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
bhai it's been since 3 days and still open manhole outside my house w-8 very dangerous especially at night कब होगा काम???
sir hello sir, wrad no 16 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai STILL not resolved!!!
yaar dear mc, toilet always locked vile parle near the temple useless facility Please take urgent action!!!
yaar no public toilet ward 5 outside my house open defecation happening Nobody is listening to us.
yaar Ward 6 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है We are very tired of this.
Pimpri में भवन निर्माण अनुमति snce 3 days से लंबित है Kab tak wait karein???
urgent complaint: matunga में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
u see We the residents of wardd 45 want to say that light pole broken ward 45 dangerous live wire exposed
you know it's been since last month and still road dug up for costrution never repaired ward 27 snce last month
sir hello sir, swm worker absent from ward 31 near the market since the rain Very disappointed with MC.
To WHOM IT MAY concern, municpal tanker not coming to ward 26 over a fortnight कब होगा काम???
i want to report that no streetlight ward no 4 near station theft increasing This has been going on too long.
baarish ke baad drain overflow indiranagar mein road nahi dikh raha We are very tired of this.
u see ward 46 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं This is ridiculous!
yaar respected officer, fire at building ward 39 opposite the hospital plz send fire engine Please take urgent action!!!
malaria fear w-10 drain nto cleaned for 10 dayz
you know drainage overflow during rain indiranagar flooding streets We are very tired of this.
to whom it may concern, registered birth for 5 days but certificate nt issued ward 16 When will this be fixed??
Respected officer, WARD no 12 MEIN paani BAND hai for the past week SE log taras rahe hain कब होगा काम???
actually ward 5 में व्यापार लाइसेंस over a fortnight से लंबित है
respected officer, illegal constuction wadr no 20 behind the mall without permission कब होगा काम???
dear mc, behind the mall ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward no 8 mein sine monday se STILL not resolved!!!
hello sir, rood broken badly mulund in front of my building car tyres punctured 2 times
We the residents of ward no 4 want to say that online payment fail ho gayi ward no 4 mein paise kat gaye Kab tak wait karein???
I want to report that road dug up for construction never repaired hadapsar kaafi dino se We are very tired of this.
i want to report that malviya nagar की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया कब होगा काम???
you know I want to report that we r not getting wateer karol bagh 4 for the past week wat is happening
u see hello sir, cylinder blast hua at the naka ward 29 mein emergency STILL not resolved!!!
like It's been since monday and still footpath pe encroachment hai at the signal ward 11 mein Disgusting situation.
We the residents of THANE want to SAY that aaj bhi Thane MEIN paani nahi AAYA tanker BHEJO STILL not resolved!!!
it's been past 6 hours and still cylinder blast hua near sector 7 wardd 47 mein emergency STILL not resolved!!!
bhai Despite our previous complaints, ward 47 mein paani ka pipe past 2 weeks se leak ho raha hai Kab tak wait karein???
sir to whom it may concern, ward no 23 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Please take urgent action!!!
like paid ₹25000 proprty tax but still showing dues wardd 7
basically hello sir, all street lamps broken ward 19 completely dark
I mean respected officer, dirty smelly wter supply w-10 1 hafte se health risk
sir It's been since monday and still dog attack WARD no 5 in the bylane child got bitten please help This is ridiculous!
basically this is to inform you that gutter overflow ward no 27 people walking in waste water कब होगा काम???
Hello sir, Pimpri mein paani band hai past 6 hours se log taras rahe hain
actually to whom it may concern, public toilet ward no 14 very dirty not cleaned since monday Kab tak wait karein???
basically ward no 17 KI light BAND hai chor ka dar LAG raha HAI sach mein Very disappointed with MC.
Hello SIR, no public toilet W-19 near the park open defecation happening STILL not resolved!!!
many stray dogs ward 13 in front of my building biting residents
bhai aaj bhi Chembur mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo Very disappointed with MC.
like Urgent complaint: PIPE leaking ward 3 opposite the hospital road flooded
I mean i want to report that kurla में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं We are very tired of this.
u see respected officer, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward no 27 ka kuda uthane Kab tak wait karein???
you know builder started work at night ward 49 at the main road no permission Kab tak wait karein???
u see Hello sir, ward no 3 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया Very disappointed with MC.
despite our previous complaints, 1 light working out of 10 in ward 9 rest all dead
toilet always locked wrad 12 opposite the hospital useless facility Very disappointed with MC.
Hello sir, tap is dry vile parle since last month please check the pipeline
I mean Urgent complaint: wrad no 27 में मच्छरों की समस्या sine last night से है Please take urgent action!!!
i want to report that paani mein mitti aa rahi hai wardd no 8 colour bhi change hai When will this be fixed??
basically this is to inform you that thane ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge When will this be fixed??
actually Hi, bacche ka certficate nahi bana WARDD no 16 mein over a FORTNIGHT lag gaye
u see Urgent complaint: main pipeline burst ward 23 wator gushing out sine monday STILL not resolved!!!
i want to report that wrd no 9 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi STILL not resolved!!!
dear mc, wadr 11 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili कब होगा काम???
I mean to whom it may concern, fire noc required ward 26 not getting it Disgusting situation.
like roda condition pathetic ward 27 multiple potholes 1 HAFTE se STILL not resolved!!!
This is to inform you that watr supply stopped wrd 7 past 6 hours residents suffering badly This is ridiculous!
I mean water from tap ward no 10 YELLOW COLOURED not drinkable Nobody is listening to us.
Dear mc, dengue cases increasing ward no 8 stagnant wator not removed Kab tak wait karein???
like dustbin BHAR gayi ward 26 mein khali karo please This has been going on too long.
sir birth certificate not received kurla office since the rain
sir I WANT to report that wadr NO 22 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति for 5 days से बाधित है
Respected officer, wire LATKI hui HAI at plot no 45 shock lag sakta hai kisi KO Nobody is listening to us.
I mean This is to inform you that swm worker absent from W-15 opposite the hospital past 2 weeks
urgent complaint: applied trade license for 10 days ago ward 20 still waiting Nobody is listening to us.
bhai respected officer, गड्ढे की वजह से ward no 27 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Nobody is listening to us.
we the residents of ward 29 want to say that ward 29 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein Kab tak wait karein???
sir bacche ka certificate nahi bana wrd 28 mein since yesterday lag gaye Kab tak wait karein???
I want TO report that fire at building wrd 7 in THE bylane please SEND fire engine
sir dog attack W-2 behind the mall child got bitten PLEASE help We are very tired of this.
basically To whom it may concern, ward 22 office se birth certificate nahi mila from last tuesday se
u see We the residents of ward NO 19 want to say that ward no 19 office se birth CERTIFICATE nahi mila for the past WEEK se We are very tired of this.
like toilet broken and stinking ward no 21 nobody cleaning Nobody is listening to us.
I want to report that Sion का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
hi, pipe phoot gayi ward no 13 near sector 7 mein paani beh raha hai Very disappointed with MC.
yaar it's been sine last month and still need death certiifcate urgently ward 35 for insurance STILL not resolved!!!
like hello sir, trade license renewal pending since 3 days shop w-4
tbh urgent complaint: pipe toot gayi at the junction vile parle ke paas jaldi aao
like this is to inform you that toilet gandy hai in the lane ward 46 since the rain se safai karo Kab tak wait karein???
sir teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward no 2 ka kuda uthane
basically respected officer, water pressure very low in front of my building ward 17 since diwali barely enough When will this be fixed??
basically hello sir, correction needed birth certificate wardd 1 wrong name spelled Kab tak wait karein???
you know bhai ward 36 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
like hi, wrad 11 near the park nali band hai since last night se badbu aa rahi Disgusting situation.
I mean oc application pending sine morning ward no 8 office
despite our previous complaints, birth certificate not received wardd 35 office since yesterday This has been going on too long.
bhai despite our previous complaints, road condition pathetic ward no 24 multiple potholes 3 din se
u see hi, ward 46 में in front of my building के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक We are very tired of this.
i want to report that ward no 6 में for the past week से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय We are very tired of this.
Despite our previous cmplts, dustbin BHAR gayi Vile Parle mein khali karo please
to whom it may concern, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा govandi में from last tuesday से
i want to report that baarish ke baad drain overflow ward no 29 mein road nahi dikh raha Disgusting situation.
I mean to whom it may concern, main pipeline burst ward no 8 water gushing out 1 hafte se We are very tired of this.
basically We the residents of ward no 21 WANT to say that WARD no 21 में NEAR the school के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक When will this be fixed??
like Hello sir, drian choked wrad 18 since morning foul smell health hazard
you know it's been since diwali and still garbage collector takes money still nt collecting ward 8 Please take urgent action!!!
yaar Despite our previous complaints, Malviya Nagar mein public toilet nahi hai LOG bahar JAATE hain
u see dear mc, potholes on main roda ward 36 causing accidents since morning Very disappointed with MC.
actually despite our previous complaints, meri beti ko dengue hua wrd 41 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
Urgnt complaint: public toilet ward 5 very dirty not cleaned kaafi dino se
basically urgent complaint: machhar bahut hain wardd no 4 for 10 days se spray kab karoge
I mean respected officer, manhole open hai in our colony koi gir jayega please cover lagao
basically Hello sir, street light wire hanging loose near the temple ward 13 shock risk Please take urgent action!!!
yaar urgent complaint: birth certificate not received wadr no 17 office past 2 weeks कब होगा काम???
bhai Despite our previous cmplts, ENTIRE ward 11 IN darkness after 9pm SINCE LAST night
respected officer, applied for mutation for the past week no update wadr 10 Disgusting situation.
I mean Dear MC, machhar bahut hain wadr 7 past 6 hours se spray kab karoge
you know i want to report that 3 people in my building got dengue vile parle please spray Please take urgent action!!!
bhai to whom it may concern, brown watr coming laxmi nagar children getting sick Kab tak wait karein???
I mean HELLO SIR, pipe leaking Andheri East outside MY house road flooded कब होगा काम???
I mean It's been from last tuesday and still stray cattle blocking road ward 3 from last tuesday We are very tired of this.
basically urgent complaint: tap is dry ward 7 for the past week please check the pipeline We are very tired of this.
DEAR MC, Powai office se birth certificate nahi MILA since monday SE Disgusting situation.
bhai Urgent complaint: नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward 39 में from last tuesday से Kab tak wait karein???
actually DESPITE our previous complains, no response TO building permission application W-9 from 4 days
I mean DESPITE our previous COMPLAINTS, aaj bhi ward 20 mein paani NAHI aaya TANKER BHEJO This is ridiculous!
actually dengue cases increasing Thane stagnant water not removed Very disappointed with MC.
u see hi, water pressure very low near sector 7 w-10 since yesterday barely enough
actually hello sir, manhole cover missing in the lane ward no 15 someone will fall When will this be fixed??
yaar many stray dogs ward 30 near sector 7 biting residents कब होगा काम???
i want to report that wadr 21 में मच्छरों की समस्या since diwali से है
like illegal construction wrad 13 in our COLONY without permission This is ridiculous!
sir Despite our previous complaints, entire FOOTPATH occupied by shop at plot no 45 wrad no 8 since last month STILL not resolved!!!
actually I want to report that ₹12000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 16
I want TO report that ROAD full of potholes ward 43 since morning vehicles getting damaged Kab tak wait karein???
Dear MC, mosquito problem W-13 at the main road no fogging महीने भर से
basically gutter bhar gaya ward 14 mein log paani mein chal rahe
yaar THIS is to inform you that khadda hai near the PARK ward no 25 mein accident hua tha kal When will this be fixed??
urgent complaint: gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward 22 traffic jam ho raha We are very tired of this.
actually Ward no 2 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
I mean ward no 26 में कचरा गाड़ी snce the rain से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है This has been going on too long.
Despite our previous complaints, we r not getting water ward 3 4 3 din SE wat is HAPPENING STILL not resolved!!!
yaar oc APPLICATION pending snce diwali ward 49 office
yaar hello sir, ward no 19 में opposite the hospital कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Kab tak wait karein???
like dear mc, ward 20 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain Very disappointed with MC.
Dear MC, sewage smell unbearable ward no 9 since the monsoon kids cant go to school We are very tired of this.
my area ward no 13 has not seen garbage van since महीने भर से
sir Respected officer, dustbin bhar gayi ward no 19 mein khali karo please This is ridiculous!
respected officer, my building near station ward 2 has no water from since the rain what to do
like Hello sir, my scooter fell in pothole matunga behind the mall i got hurt कब होगा काम???
no response to building permission application w-13 since 3 days This has been going on too long.
tbh i want to report that municipal tanker not coming to ward no 25 since last night
u see Urgent complaint: road tar came off for 2 days ward 30 only stones left
we the residents of thane want to say that thane में outside my house पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है This has been going on too long.
hi, नाली से बदबू ward no 5 में sine morning से असहनीय हो गई है This is ridiculous!
sir hello sir, wrad 6 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Nobody is listening to us.
bhai urgent cmplt: paid property tax ward 48 but receipt nto received Kab tak wait karein???
light pole broken govandi dangerous live wire exposed This is ridiculous!
pipe phoot gayi wardd no 5 in the bylane mein paani beh raha hai STILL not resolved!!!
I mean Hi, Santacruz ki sadak ME itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi NAHI Nobody is listening to us.
you know garbage wala nahi aaya ward 4 at the corner from 4 days se STILL not resolved!!!
yaar cylinder blast hua near the park wrd 16 mein emergency कब होगा काम???
it's been since monday and still water supply stopped malviya nagar sine monday residents suffering badly कब होगा काम???
like drainage overflow during rain ward 2 flooding streets
bhai i want to report that ward no 24 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain Please take urgent action!!!
to whom it may concern, fire at building w-14 at the junction please send fire engine
Hi, applied BIRTH cert W-13 FOR 2 days back no movement STILL not resolved!!!
it's been for 5 dayz and still potholee opposite the hospital vile parle bike accident happened yesterday
I mean urgnt complaint: mosquito problem ward no 4 outside my house no fogging for 10 days Please take urgent action!!!
basically HI, entire wardd 27 in darkness after 9pm over a fortnight Disgusting situation.
like Dear MC, wardd no 9 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय sinc the monsoon से साफ नहीं हुआ This has been going on too long.
like गड्ढे की वजह से ward 1 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा STILL not resolved!!!
bhai TO whom it MAY concern, kal kutte NE KAATA ek bacche ko W-7 mein urgent karo
sir despite our previous complaints, w-9 में मच्छरों की समस्या since 3 day से है This has been going on too long.
yaar w-3 at the main road में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Please take urgent action!!!
basically this is to inform you that mutation ka koi status nahi mila andheri east ka
basically Hello sir, ward 35 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है
bhai respected officer, govandi mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
Hello sir, ward 6 में मच्छरों की समस्या 1 HAFTE se से है This is ridiculous!
Despite our previous complaints, no wateer sinc for 5 days in ward 8 when will tanker come
tbh Despite our previous complaints, ilegal dump in front of my building wrad 21 flies mosquitoes everywhere
hi, paid some amount property tax but still showing dues ward 8
despite our previous complaints, no response to building permission application ward 24 sinc diwali Disgusting situation.
I mean ward no 2 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है कब होगा काम???
actually Dear MC, water pressure very low outside my house ward 15 for 10 days barely enough
bhai mosquito breeding open darin ward no 19 health risk Kab tak wait karein???
To whom it may concern, gutter bhar gaya w-6 mein log paani mein chal rahe
I mean respected officer, commencement certificate not received ward no 9 despite approval
basically Despite our previous complaints, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward 17 traffic jam ho raha Please take urgent action!!!
WARD 36 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain FOGGING karo Nobody is listening to us.
u see many stray dogs ward no 10 near the park biting residents We are very tired of this.
ward 18 में near the park अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है We are very tired of this.
you know despite our previous complaints, cow sitting on main road pimpri traffic blocked This has been going on too long.
dear mc, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward no 15 me since the rain se Kab tak wait karein???
i want to report that ward 34 behind the mall में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Disgusting situation.
Despite our previous complaints, proerty tax portal down cannot pay ward 19 Very disappointed with MC.
actually building plan submitted wrad 25 for 5 dyas no response We are very tired of this.
I mean urgent complaint: khadda hai near the park ward 31 mein accident hua tha kal Very disappointed with MC.
i want to report that building mein aag ward 43 jaldi aao This has been going on too long.
actually Despite OUR previous complains, ward NO 16 की सड़क की हालत खराब है for 10 dyas से मरम्मत नहीं Nobody is listening to us.
garbage lying on road wrad no 1 since the rain disease risk कब होगा काम???
actually despite our previous complaints, manhole open hai near d-block koi gir jayega please cover lagao कब होगा काम???
dear mc, garbage lying on road w-14 sine 3 days disease risk Nobody is listening to us.
Hello sir, ward 33 में for 5 days से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Kab tak wait karein???
URGNT complaint: KACHRA gaadi aayi hi nahi ward no 14 me from last TUESDAY se
hello sir, water not coming from tap at the corner ward no 20 STILL not resolved!!!
W-1 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है
bhari water leakage near the park sadak bhar gayi Very disappointed with MC.
actually Respected officer, stinking garbage pile at plot no 45 wrd 5 dogs spreading it everywhere This is ridiculous!
basically dear mc, registered birth sinc monday but certficate not issued chembur
sir We the residents of wrad 1 want to say that ward 1 ka PAANI smell KAR raha hai bilkul nahi peete
bhai wrong proprty tax assessment ward no 11 property
basically Despite our previous complaints, kurla ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Nobody is listening to us.
like This is to inform you that wrad no 19 office se birth certificate nahi mila for 5 days se
bhai respected officer, builder started work at night wardd no 26 in the lane no permission Kab tak wait karein???
bhai dear mc, no streetlight ward 23 near sector 7 theft increasing कब होगा काम???
to whom it may concern, no water since over a fortnight in ward 16 when will tanker come Disgusting situation.
hello sir, road condition pathetic w-3 multiple potholes 1 hafte se This has been going on too long.
sir respected officer, safai nahi ho rahi ward 28 since monday se kachra uthao na Please take urgent action!!!
it's been 3 din se and still raat ko construction chal raha tha ward 4 bina permission Disgusting situation.
like ward 38 में मच्छरों की समस्या since the monsoon से है
yaar कचरेवाले को बुलाया Andheri East में पर कोई नहीं आया STILL not resolved!!!
THIS is TO inform you THAT water leakage opposite the hospital W-16 HUGE wastage pls fix
like Dear MC, tap is dry ward 24 from last tuesday please check THE PIPELINE Nobody is listening to us.
I mean Matunga office SE BIRTH certificate nahi mila FOR THE past week se This is ridiculous!
you know This IS to inform you that W-19 में near the park कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध
like dear mc, illegal dump near d-block ward no 27 flies mosquitoes everywhere We are very tired of this.
you know toilet band rehta hai hadapsar mein kya fayda Please take urgent action!!!
to whom it may concern, daily water supply disrupted w-2 past since diwali pipeline blocked maybe When will this be fixed??
you know I want to report that wrad 40 में IN the lane के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक Please take urgent action!!!
bhai we the residents of ward 49 want to say that registered birth kaafi dino se but certiifcate noot issued wardd 49 Nobody is listening to us.
it's been sine the rain and still we called the garbge number 3 times ward no 7 no response We are very tired of this.
like wrd 46 mein paani band hai महीने भर से se log taras rahe hain STILL not resolved!!!
Hello sir, no public toilet ward 31 at the naka open defecation happening Very disappointed with MC.
you know urgent complaint: laxmi nagar में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं कब होगा काम???
like Dear MC, FIRE broke out at PLOT NO 45 ward no 17 fire brigade delayed STILL not resolved!!!
GARBAGE collector TAKES money still not collecting WARD no 7 When will this be fixed??
bhai dear mc, mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward no 11 Kab tak wait karein???
property tax portal down cannot pay ward no 17 Very disappointed with MC.
I mean to whom it may concern, construction without plan approval ward no 29
u see respected officer, mosquito problem wardd 10 at the main roaad no fogging 1 hafte se Disgusting situation.
Hi, pipe leaking outside at plot no 45 ward 42 CREATING pothole also
u see Hello sir, w-19 की सड़क की हालत खराब है since morning से मरम्मत नहीं Please take urgent action!!!
IT'S been since yesterday and still illegall construction Powai behind the mall without permission कब होगा काम???
to whom it may concern, wrd 35 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since yesterday से नहीं मिला
yaar urgent complain: gutter bhar gaya mulund mein log paani mein chal rahe Disgusting situation.
I mean we the residents of matunga want to say that matunga की सड़क की हालत खराब है महीने भर से से मरम्मत नहीं
sir Public toilet ward no 29 very dirty not cleaned since 3 dayz Kab tak wait karein???
street light not working wrd no 28 outside my house past 2 weeks very dark at night
sir urgnt complaint: wrong property tax assessment w-13 property STILL not resolved!!!
actually hi, wrad 36 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं When will this be fixed??
sir paani ki PROBLEM hai ward no 20 mein since yesterday se nala band hogaya Kab tak wait karein???
it's been kaafi dino se and still gutter bhar gaya ward no 20 mein log paani mein chal rahe This has been going on too long.
manhole open hai opposite the hospital koi gir jayega please cover lagao Please take urgent action!!!
This is to inform you that cylinder blast opposite the hospital wardd 4 need immediate help Please take urgent action!!!
yaar Urgent complain: ward 6 की सड़क की हालत खराब है from last tuesday से मरम्मत नहीं When will this be fixed??
yaar we the residents of w-11 want to say that big water leak w-11 sine last month nobody coming to fix Nobody is listening to us.
basically tap is dry ward 38 since monday pls check the pipeline Please take urgent action!!!
Respected officer, नाली से बदबू wrad 39 में FROM last tuesday से असहनीय हो गई है This has been going on too long.
Chembur mein mutation NAHI hua for 2 day se apply kiya tha कब होगा काम???
tbh big watr leak W-4 since the monsoon nobody coming to fix
you know safai nahi ho rahi ward no 28 since the monsoon se kachra UTHAO na
wrad no 21 ki ligth band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein This has been going on too long.
respected officer, fire noc required vile parle not getting it
mutation request pending wardd 12 since last month please process
sir I WANT TO report that malaria fear Thane drain not CLEANED 3 din se
yaar it's been sine morning and still stray dogs not sterilized santacruz population increasing
People dumping garbage near the park vikhroli very unhygienic This has been going on too long.
I mean Dear MC, at the corner ward 14 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Very disappointed with MC.
bhai respected officer, in the lane wrad 43 ka kuda uthao yaar over a fortnight se nahi utha Please take urgent action!!!
yaar to whom it may concern, it rained and entire roaad disappeared w-8 only pits left Kab tak wait karein???
Hi, fire broke OUT at the MAIN ROAD ward 49 fire brigade delayed Disgusting situation.
you know urgent complaint: death certficate not issued w-9 office over a fortnight
neighbor built extra floor without permission ward 13 Kab tak wait karein???
basically dear mc, ward 25 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Please take urgent action!!!
to whom it may concern, ward 28 में स्ट्रीट लाइट since morning से बंद है रात में अंधेरा Nobody is listening to us.
yaar this is to inform you that water pipe cracked ward no 3 near the school raod become muddy
actually To whom it may concern, fire noc required ward no 17 nt getting it
you know hello sir, wateer supply stopped dharavi for 2 days residents suffering badly
GAAYE sadak pe khadi hain ward no 23 traffic jam ho raha Kab tak wait karein???
like street light not working W-17 at plot no 45 since morning very dark at night
like we the residents of ward no 28 want to say that applied for mutation महीने भर से no update ward no 28
actually HELLO sir, public toilet Kurla very dirty nt cleaned for 10 dyas
bhai It's been for 2 days and still drain choked wrad 5 for 2 days foul smell health hazard Disgusting situation.
To whom it may concern, paani KI PROBLEM hai wrad no 29 MEIN over A fortnight se nala band HOGAYA Very disappointed with MC.
yaar this is to inform you that near the park govandi mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding This is ridiculous!
bhai Despite our previous complaints, ward 1 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai This is ridiculous!
I mean hello sir, road tar came off since last month ward no 26 only stones left This has been going on too long.
sir respected officer, street light not working ward 5 near the school for the past week very dark at night When will this be fixed??
actually we the residents of ward no 9 want to say that ward no 9 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
I mean We the residents of wrd 10 want to say that no water in ward 10 past 6 hours कब होगा काम???
hello sir, illegal dump in front of my building sion flies mosquitoes everywhere Please take urgent action!!!
kachra GAADI aayi hi nahi wrad 7 me SINC the monsoon se
basically sewage smell unbearable ward no 2 since yesterday kids CANT go to school Very disappointed with MC.
i want to report that mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward no 23 This is ridiculous!
my scooter fell in PHOLE ward 10 NEAR D-BLOCK i got hurt
like despite our previous complaints, swm worker absent from mulund at the signal since 3 days Please take urgent action!!!
we the residents of wrad 6 want to say that street light wire hanging loose opposite the hospital wardd 6 shock risk
you know construction without plan approval ward 4 This is ridiculous!
yaar pothole behind the mall ward no 3 bike accident happened yesterday Kab tak wait karein???
you know urgent complaint: applied birth cert w-16 sinc diwali back no movement Very disappointed with MC.
tbh ward no 8 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
hi, wadr 25 mein paani band hai from 4 days se log taras rahe hain Kab tak wait karein???
swm worker absent from ward 42 behind the mall for the past week Very disappointed with MC.
sir This is to inform you that garbage lying on road Santacruz महीने भर से disease risk We are very tired of this.
This is to inform you that toilet gandy hai near station W-10 since morning se safai karo This is ridiculous!
W-11 की सड़क की हालत खराब है since 3 days से मरम्मत नहीं
tbh hi, swm worker absent from ward 33 at the corner for 10 dyas कब होगा काम???
Urgent complaint: toilet band rehta hai ward 17 mein kya fayda STILL not resolved!!!
tbh Dear mc, road broken badly kurla in our colony car tyres punctured 2 times We are very tired of this.
basically respected officer, wrad 6 mein death certificate nahi mila since the rain se urgent hai Nobody is listening to us.
sir despite our previous complaints, water not coming from tap near sector 7 wrad no 22
sir URGENT complain: kachra nahi utha ward 13 mein for 10 days se bahut badbu
tbh i want to report that kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward 12 mein urgent karo This has been going on too long.
u see despite our previous complaints, cow sitting on main rood w-18 traffic blocked
you know hi, stinking garbage pile in our colony ward 23 dogs spreading it everywhere
yaar to whom it may concern, wrad 13 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
actually hello sir, bacche ka certifcate nahi bana wrad 16 mein snce yesterday lag gaye
like it's been महीने भर से and still pothole near station wrd no 20 bike accident happened yesterday Disgusting situation.
you know I want to report that meri beti ko dengue hua wrad no 1 mein AB bhi kuch nahi hua
yaar this is to inform you that building permission ke liye since monday wait kar raha hoon ward no 7 Kab tak wait karein???
you know Respected officer, main pipeline burst ward 10 wter gushing out 1 hafte se When will this be fixed??
actually to whom it may concern, water supply stopped wrd 28 since last month residents suffering badly When will this be fixed??
yaar नाली से बदबू ward 49 में since diwali से असहनीय हो गई है
I mean hello sir, naam galat likha hai certificate mein w-2 ka Disgusting situation.
you know Neighbor built extra floor without permission wadr no 28
yaar no water in w-10 3 din se
respected officer, road full of potholes w-14 for the past week vehicles getting damaged Very disappointed with MC.
Respected OFFICER, big water leak Hadapsar FOR 10 dayz nobody coming to fix Kab tak wait karein???
actually we the residents of ward 47 want to say that mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani wrd 47 Very disappointed with MC.
basically this is to inform you that trade license renewal pending 3 din se shop ward no 25 We are very tired of this.
urgent complaint: water not coming from tap near D-block ward 11 We are very tired of this.
ward 42 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua 3 din se se
basically Urgent complaint: नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा WARDD 41 में kaafi dino se से
u see garbage noot collected wrd no 18 since last month unbearable smell STILL not resolved!!!
you know this is to inform you that kab aayega paani thane mein itna wait kar rahe hain
major pipe burst near station ward no 9 water wasting Very disappointed with MC.
this is to inform you that trade license renewal pending since 3 dyas shop ward no 29 This has been going on too long.
To whom it may concern, ward no 6 near sector 7 bina permission constraction ho raha hai
this is to inform you that w-13 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
It's been for the past week and still paani nahi aa raha WARD 25 mein for THE PAST week se
I mean it's been for 10 days and still garbage truck not coming ward 8 for 10 day This is ridiculous!
you know we the residents of ward 34 want to say that my building at plot no 45 ward 34 has no water from since yesterday what to do Please take urgent action!!!
you know I want to report that supply cut without notice ward no 16 snce monday
basically PEOPLE dumping garbaje in front of my BUILDING WARD no 18 VERY unhygienic
tbh Hi, ward no 4 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai Nobody is listening to us.
actually i want to report that toilet always locked wrad 37 in the lane useless facility Disgusting situation.
hello sir, ward 1 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi
Despite our previous cmplts, my building in front of my building wadr 42 has no WATR from since the rain what TO do This has been going on too long.
actually we the residents of w-1 want to say that paani ki bohot problem hai at the corner mein w-1 ke andar This has been going on too long.
basically water pipe cracked W-14 at the signal road BECOME muddy We are very tired of this.
applied birth cert indiranagar kaafi dino se back no movement
basically We the residents of wrad no 19 want to say that applied birth cert ward no 19 महीने भर से back no movement Nobody is listening to us.
basically respected officer, public toilet ward 20 very dirty not cleaned महीने भर से
you know people dumping garbage near station ward no 6 very unhygienic Very disappointed with MC.
basically W-2 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं We are very tired of this.
This is to inform you that tax notice aaya hai ward no 7 ka lekin payment ho chuki This has been going on too long.
respected officer, हमारे ward no 9 में sine last night से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
w-18 में नामांतरण since morning से लंबित है कब होगा Very disappointed with MC.
yaar Despite our previous complaints, small fire ward 12 BEHIND the mall BEFORE IT spreads plz COME Nobody is listening to us.
I mean It's been from last tuesday AND still toilet band rehta hai wardd 38 MEIN kya fayda Nobody is listening to us.
bhai urgent complaint: footpath pe encroachment hai in the lane ward 20 mein Disgusting situation.
you know Despite our previous complaints, water nto coming from tap at the main road Vile Parle
tbh hello sir, mosquito breeding open drain malviya nagar health risk Very disappointed with MC.
yaar massive crater sized pot hole at the junction koramangala since for 10 dyas This has been going on too long.
I mean road repair karo W-8 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar We are very tired of this.
like We the residents of ward 42 want to say that पड़ोसी ने ward 42 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली We are very tired of this.
Toilet always locked ward 28 near station useless facility This has been going on too long.
to whom it may concern, ward 24 में in our colony कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध STILL not resolved!!!
Hello sir, water filter getting choked daily ward no 29 wateer very bad quality When will this be fixed??
actually respected officer, w-4 office se birth certficate nahi mila since the rain se
I mean Respected officer, fire at building ward 25 near station pleese send fire engine
tbh to whom it may concern, ward 22 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
stray cattle blocking road ward no 2 since the monsoon This has been going on too long.
I want to report that my baby born past 2 weeks certificate still not ready W-5
bhai कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 28 में पर कोई नहीं आया We are very tired of this.
to whom it may concern, ward 35 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein STILL not resolved!!!
tbh to whom it may concern, supply cut without notice ward 40 for 2 day
Applied birth cert govandi since 3 days back no movement Kab tak wait karein???
u see kab aayega paani kurla mein itna wait kar rahe hain
like hello sir, footpath pe encroachment hai in front of my building ward 46 mein This has been going on too long.
bhai कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 17 में पर कोई नहीं आया Disgusting situation.
yaar despite our previous complaints, raat ko construction chal raha tha ward 48 bina permission When will this be fixed??
yaar illegal building ban raha hai ward 23 mein rok do
powai ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Please take urgent action!!!
this is to inform you that गड्ढे की वजह से w-3 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
hello sir, fire broke out near d-block w-13 fire brigade delayed
tax notice aaya hai wadr 32 ka lekin payment ho chuki
I want to report that small fire ward no 22 opposite the hospital before it spreads pls come Kab tak wait karein???
actually trade license ke liye since last night se wait kar raha hoon ward no 6 कब होगा काम???
u see ward no 23 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति kaafi dino se से लंबित है
bhai it's been since last night and still garbage wala nahi aaya ward 37 at the signal since last night se कब होगा काम???
u see Dear MC, nahi aa rha paani ward 18 mein pls koi to suno
Encroachment on footpath at the naka santacruz pedestrians cant walk Please take urgent action!!!
like respected officer, ₹3500 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai w-15 Please take urgent action!!!
i want to report that we r nto getting water w-19 4 since 3 days wat is happening We are very tired of this.
bhai fire broke out near station ward no 18 fire brigade delayed This is ridiculous!
basically Urgent complaint: correction NEEDED birth certificate Kurla wrong name spelled This is ridiculous!
ROAD broken badly Laxmi Nagar in the LANE car tyres punctured 2 TIMES
tbh Respected officer, behind the mall WARD 4 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko Disgusting situation.
property mutation not done ward no 11 applied since last night ago Kab tak wait karein???
urgent complaint: correction needed birth certifcate vile parle wrong name spelled Please take urgent action!!!
actually Dear MC, ward no 3 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति sine yesterday से लंबित है We are very tired of this.
this is to inform you that garbage lying on road ward 2 for 5 days disease risk This is ridiculous!
basically We the residents of ward 17 want to say that toilet band rehta hai ward 17 mein kya fayda STILL not resolved!!!
bhai building mein aag ward 4 jaldi aao
basically to whom it may concern, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi kurla me sinc 3 days se Disgusting situation.
hello sir, malviya nagar में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें This is ridiculous!
Dear MC, trade license ke liye sine the rain se wait kar raha hoon wardd 7 Disgusting situation.
u see respected officer, people dumping garbage outside my house w-13 very unhygienic
basically mutation request pending powai since morning pls process कब होगा काम???
yaar Dear mc, builder ne maal near station ward no 15 rood pe daal diya hata do कब होगा काम???
actually I want to report that MOSQUITO breeding open darin WARDD 46 health risk This has been going on too long.
To whom it may concern, brown water coming wadr no 24 children getting sick
death certficate noot issued powai office for the past week We are very tired of this.
like Cylinder blast hua near d-block w-3 mein emergency This has been going on too long.
like Hello sir, Kurla near sector 7 bina permission construction ho raha hai
tbh to whom it may concern, cylinder blast near d-block ward 48 need immediate help This has been going on too long.
I mean it's been past 2 weeks and still नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward 34 में past 2 weeks से
sir Urgent complaint: नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward 5 में since monday से This is ridiculous!
bhai Hi, road tar came off snce last night w-9 only stones left
u see We the residents of ward no 20 want to say that water from tap ward no 20 yellow coloured not drinkable
toilet gandy hai in the bylane wadr no 10 1 hafte se se safai karo
like respected officer, andheri east mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
Respected officer, fire noc required Vile Parle not getting it We are very tired of this.
URGNT complaint: 1 light working out of 10 in W-11 rest ALL dead This is ridiculous!
tbh i want to report that road pe gadd hai at the corner ward no 14 bike wale girte hain
It's been sinc the rain and still garbage nt colected ward 37 since the rain unbearable smell This has been going on too long.
I mean dear mc, wateer pressure very low in the bylane ward 5 sine the rain barely enough
like khadda hai near the market wardd 49 mein accident hua tha kal
basically Dirty smelly water supply ward no 29 since diwali health risk Kab tak wait karein???
I mean we the residents of ward no 7 want to say that ward no 7 mein paani band hai for 5 days se log taras rahe hain Nobody is listening to us.
basically pipe leaking ward 21 behind the mall road flooded Kab tak wait karein???
tbh I want to report that property tax portal down cannot pay SANTACRUZ
bhai Wadala में व्यापार लाइसेंस past 2 weeks से लंबित है Kab tak wait karein???
tbh It's been sine yesterday and still wadr 39 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें When will this be fixed??
bhai Despite OUR previous COMPLAINTS, ward no 6 में at the naka के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक
you know it's been since last night and still supply cut without notice shivaji nagar since last night STILL not resolved!!!
like Respected officer, need death certificate urgently ward 38 for insurance
bhai we the residents of ward 41 want to say that pipe leaking outside at the junction ward 41 creating pothole also
tbh hello sir, open manhole near d-block ward 32 very dangerous especially at night कब होगा काम???
actually Dear MC, गड्ढे की वजह से ward 20 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Kab tak wait karein???
respected officer, ward 29 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
ward no 27 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
like pipe leaking ward 7 near d-block road flooded STILL not resolved!!!
Hello sir, MANHOLE open hai in the lane koi gir jayega plz cover lagao
tbh dirty smelly watr supply ward 13 1 hafte se health risk Disgusting situation.
you know ward 44 में near D-block के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक This has been going on too long.
you know we the residents of ward 19 want to say that ward 19 at the main road bina permission construction ho raha hai We are very tired of this.
I mean It's been since last month and still illegal building ban raha hai ward 37 mein rok do
you know raat ko construction chal raha tha ward 49 bina permission
u see urgent complaint: machhar bahut hain wrad no 6 from 4 days se spray kab karoge This has been going on too long.
actually hello sir, ward 4 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है since 3 days से Nobody is listening to us.
yaar Hi, ward no 17 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega We are very tired of this.
you know Despite our previous complains, garbage lying on road ward 19 since monday disease risk
i want to report that nali choke ho gayi ward no 15 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha Very disappointed with MC.
hello sir, trade license renewal pending for 5 dayz shop ward 5 STILL not resolved!!!
I mean dear mc, road broken badly ward no 29 at plot no 45 car tyres punctured 2 times
like I WANT to report that my building IN the lane W-14 has no WATER from since last NIGHT what to do We are very tired of this.
actually to whom it may concern, near the school wrd 37 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding This is ridiculous!
I mean Urgent complaint: wardd 33 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo Please take urgent action!!!
wrad no 1 office se birth certificate nahi mila since last month se We are very tired of this.
like hello sir, applied trade license over a fortnight ago vikhroli still waiting We are very tired of this.
actually urgnt complaint: ward 29 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Please take urgent action!!!
we the residents of ward 13 want to say that applied trade license over a fortnight ago ward 13 still waiting Kab tak wait karein???
yaar brown water coming ward 27 children getting sick When will this be fixed??
yaar this is to inform you that nahi aa rha paani indiranagar mein plz koi to suno This has been going on too long.
bhai hi, aaj fir gira mai ward 34 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche Kab tak wait karein???
actually encroachment on footpath at plot no 45 chembur pedestrians cant walk
like i want to report that ward no 29 mein death certificate nahi mila 1 hafte se se urgent hai This has been going on too long.
ligt pole broken wadr 45 dangerous live wire exposed We are very tired of this.
actually urgent cmplt: nali choke ho gayi w-11 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha This has been going on too long.
sir This is to inform you that illegl construction ward no 4 in the lane without permission We are very tired of this.
tbh Dustbin overflowing ward 34 not emptied for the past week This is ridiculous!
yaar Despite our previous complaints, potholes on main roda vile parle causing accidents महीने भर से कब होगा काम???
dear mc, ward 48 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति since last night से लंबित है When will this be fixed??
u see To whom it may concern, ₹25000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 8 This is ridiculous!
actually Respected officer, encroachment on footpath at the naka wrd 24 pedestrians cant walk Please take urgent action!!!
This is to inform you that major pipe burst near the park W-8 water wasting This has been going on too long.
respected officer, nahi aa rha paani w-15 mein please koi to suno STILL not resolved!!!
Despite our previous complaints, ward no 24 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है Please take urgent action!!!
tbh hi, 1 light working out of 10 in ward 27 rest all dead Very disappointed with MC.
like hello sir, baarish ke baad drain overflow ward 49 mein road nahi dikh raha
yaar khadda hai near sector 7 ward 10 mein accident hua tha kal
I mean toilet broken and stinking w-18 nobody cleaning We are very tired of this.
tbh urgent complaint: sion में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Very disappointed with MC.
tbh This is to inform you that paid some amount proprty tax but still showing dues ward 38
actually tax notice aaya hai wadr 41 ka lekin payment ho chuki This has been going on too long.
bandra west at the main road bina permission construction ho raha hai This has been going on too long.
Despite our previous complaints, cow sitting on main road wrd no 15 traffic blocked Kab tak wait karein???
To whom it may concern, applied for mutation from last tuesday no update ward 1
like urgent complaint: wrad no 9 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi When will this be fixed??
you know To whom it may concern, w-3 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi We are very tired of this.
fire noc required wrad no 26 not getting it
respected officer, road condition pathetic vikhroli multiple potholes 1 hafte se This is ridiculous!
wadr 6 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
like hi, property mutation not done wrad 16 applied past 2 weeks ago
u see It's BEEN over a fortnight and still Bandra West में स्ट्रीट लाइट over a FORTNIGHT से बंद है रात में अंधेरा Disgusting situation.
basically ward no 7 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
basically This is TO inform you that near the temple ward 36 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
Dear MC, registered birth since the monsoon but certificate noot ISSUED WARD no 23
actually Dear MC, stinking GARBAGE pile in front of my building Govandi dogs spreading it everywhere
bhai to whom it may concern, mosquito problem w-15 near the market no fogging sine monday Disgusting situation.
Urgent complaint: W-2 mein paani ka pipe snce 3 days se leak ho raha hai
like I want to report that we called the garbage number 3 times ward 25 no response
like i want to report that drainage overflow during rain ward 4 flooding streets
respected officer, birth certificate not received wadala office since yesterday STILL not resolved!!!
actually Hello sir, 3 people in my building got dengue ward no 9 pls spray This is ridiculous!
urgent cmplt: ward 20 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai STILL not resolved!!!
like to whom it may concern, road repair karo w-4 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar Please take urgent action!!!
tbh it's been for the past week and still applied birth cert ward no 7 for the past week back no movement
Sion mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua since 3 days se
you know manhole cover missing behind the mall chembur someone will fall We are very tired of this.
basically many stray dogs W-8 at the junction biting residents We are very tired of this.
actually it's been 3 din se and still garbage collector takes money still nt collecting ward 44 Very disappointed with MC.
basically hello sir, toilet always locked ward 8 at the junction useless facility Please take urgent action!!!
yaar hi, wire latki hui hai near d-block shock lag sakta hai kisi ko Please take urgent action!!!
Hi, main pipeline burst WARD 40 water gushing out महीने भर से When will this be fixed??
u see DESPITE our previous complaints, toilet broken and STINKING Shivaji NAGAR nobody cleaning Disgusting situation.
you know Hello sir, ward 1 में नाली बंद है since last month से सड़क पर गंदा पानी Disgusting situation.
we the residents of wadala want to say that my building at the naka wadala has no water from 1 hafte se what to do कब होगा काम???
sir dear mc, ward 44 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe We are very tired of this.
nali choke ho gayi Dharavi ganda paani sadak pe aa raha Kab tak wait karein???
actually this is to inform you that stray dogs not sterilized wardd 13 population increasing Disgusting situation.
bhai Dear MC, bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward 22 mein since the monsoon lag gaye
PIPE phoot gayi Matunga near the market mein paani beh raha hai
no public toilet w-12 outside my house open defecation happening Very disappointed with MC.
hi, applied for mutation kaafi dino se no update w-2
tbh wrad 39 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
actually urgent complaint: ward 8 में नाली बंद है महीने भर से से सड़क पर गंदा पानी STILL not resolved!!!
actually drainage overflow during rain koramangala flooding streets
yaar W-8 में नाली बंद है since morning से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
urgnt complaint: new trade license not processed ward no 27 since diwali
We the residents of Dharavi want to say that DHARAVI में नामांतरण 3 din se से लंबित है कब होगा
we the residents of chembur want to say that garbaage collector takes money still not collecting chembur We are very tired of this.
like hello sir, nahi aa rha paani ward no 7 mein please koi to suno When will this be fixed??
yaar hello sir, entire footpath occupied by shop near the park ward 40 since diwali
i want to report that w-3 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Very disappointed with MC.
I mean Hello sir, wadr 38 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Please take urgent action!!!
massive crater sized potholee near station ward 20 since since last night
yaar We the residents of wrd 21 want to say that bhari water leakage near the school sadak bhar gayi Kab tak wait karein???
bhai कचरेवाले को बुलाया w-1 में पर कोई नहीं आया
to whom it may concern, builder started work at night ward 3 near the school no permission
WASTE not picked W-1 in THE lane sine monday piling up on raod Nobody is listening to us.
like gaaye sadak pe khadi hain w-1 traffic jam ho raha This has been going on too long.
my scooter fell in pot hole ward 49 near sector 7 i got hurt
yaar illegal building ban raha hai ward 44 mein rok do
it's been kaafi dino se and still wardd 34 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Kab tak wait karein???
It's been for 10 dyas and still ward 5 at plot no 45 nali band hai for 10 days se badbu aa rahi Very disappointed with MC.
I mean nali choke ho gayi ward 4 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha STILL not resolved!!!
bhai ward no 29 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye
like dear mc, footpath pe encroachment hai in front of my building w-15 mein Kab tak wait karein???
I mean IT'S been kaafi dino se and still ward NO 20 ki roda bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
you know kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward 42 me for 5 days se
you know urgent complaint: my shop has no license because ward no 28 office not responding This has been going on too long.
u see my baby born for 5 days certificate still NOT ready ward 47 Nobody is listening to us.
road pe gadd hai at the corner w-4 bike wale girte hain Please take urgent action!!!
you know baarish ke baad drain overflow wrd 41 mein road nahi dikh raha STILL not resolved!!!
you know despite our previous complaints, my shop has no license because wrad 19 office not responding We are very tired of this.
tbh hello sir, गड्ढे की वजह से w-4 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
actually this is to inform you that ward 41 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
I mean It's been FOR 5 days and still stray cattle blocking raod ward 45 for 5 dyas STILL not resolved!!!
tbh hello sir, wire latki hui hai near the temple shock lag sakta hai kisi ko Please take urgent action!!!
tbh I want TO report that drain choked Laxmi Nagar FROM last tuesday foul smell health hazard
u see dear mc, constraction without plan approval ward no 27
you know Urgent complaint: pipe leaking WARD 4 at the junction road flooded
Footpath pe encroachment hai near d-block wrad no 16 mein We are very tired of this.
We the residents of Dharavi want to say that illegal dump at THE corner Dharavi flies mosquitoes everywhere Very disappointed with MC.
sir entire footpath occupied by shop near the park wadr 35 for the past week We are very tired of this.
tbh to whom it may concern, constuction waste dumped on roaad ward 44 by builder Kab tak wait karein???
hi, construction waste dumped on road w-2 by builder
actually hi, dengue cases increasing wadr no 23 stagnant water not removed This has been going on too long.
tbh I want to report that machhar BAHUT hain wardd 3 1 hafte SE se spray KAB karoge
this is to inform you that water from tap wardd 31 yellow coloured noot drinkable
to whom it may concern, birth certificate not received ward no 16 office महीने भर से
sir massive crater sized potholee at the signal ward 46 since since morning This has been going on too long.
like building permission ke liye from last tuesday wait kar raha hoon ward 20 Please take urgent action!!!
sir hello sir, ward 12 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi कब होगा काम???
hello sir, toilet gandy hai in our colony wadr 42 for 2 days se safai karo
Dear mc, w-16 office mein plan submit kiya for 5 dayz reply nahi
it's been since last month and still encroachment on footpath near station ward 39 pedestrians cant walk Disgusting situation.
Respected officer, khadda hai outside my house wadr 49 mein accident hua tha kal
yaar urgent complaint: tax notice came again even after paying wadr 4
u see despite our previous complaints, ward 5 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति kaafi dino se से लंबित है Please take urgent action!!!
I mean hi, pot hole outside my house ward 3 bike accident happened yesterday We are very tired of this.
respected officer, drainage overflow during rain ward 24 flooding streets This is ridiculous!
sir stray dogs not sterilized w-14 population increasing When will this be fixed??
I mean We the residents of laxmi nagar want to say that road full of potholes laxmi nagar since last night vehicles getting damaged
i want to report that bhari water leakage at plot no 45 sadak bhar gayi Very disappointed with MC.
dog attack w-10 at the naka child got bitten please help Kab tak wait karein???
u see water not coming from tap BEHIND the MALL wrad 19 Very disappointed with MC.
basically We THE residents of Chembur WANT to say that 3 people IN my building got dengue Chembur please spray
I want to report that open manhole opposite the hospital wrd no 14 very dangerous ESPECIALLY at night This has been going on too long.
basically no streetlight ward 44 near sector 7 theft increasing
road tar came off from last tuesday w-12 only stones left This is ridiculous!
sir this is to inform you that w-2 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai Nobody is listening to us.
paani ki bohot problem hai opposite the hospital mein Karol Bagh ke andar We are very tired of this.
bhai dustbin bhar gayi ward 34 mein khali karo pls STILL not resolved!!!
yaar neighbor built extra floor without permission ward no 13 This is ridiculous!
IT'S been for 10 days and still W-3 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
like URGENT complaint: ward no 2 की सड़क की हालत खराब है FOR the past week से मरम्मत नहीं कब होगा काम???
you know It's been since yesterday and still tax notice aaya hai wrad no 20 ka lekin payment ho chuki This is ridiculous!
nali choke ho gayi w-4 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha
tbh supply cut without notice wrd no 27 since last month
you know this is to inform you that kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward 46 mein urgent karo कब होगा काम???
It rained and entire road disappeared w-7 only pits left Kab tak wait karein???
u see We the residents of wardd 31 WANT to say that wardd 31 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है
I mean It's been महीने भर से and still birth certificate noot received ward 11 office महीने भर से
tbh water looks muddy ward 12 near the temple महीने भर से We are very tired of this.
bhai online payment fail ho gayi ward no 9 mein paise kat gaye Kab tak wait karein???
bhai I want to report THAT MY area ward 22 has not seen garbage van sine for the past week
u see Urgent complaint: water pressure very LOW at the main roaad Laxmi Nagar महीने भर से barely enough
tbh Respected officer, wardd 38 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
urgent complaint: near station ward 39 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
sir despite our previous complaints, no water snce from 4 days in w-16 when will tanker come
actually Despite our previous complaints, building PERMISSION ke liye 1 hafte se wait kar RAHA hoon ward no 10 Disgusting situation.
yaar we the residents of wrad no 27 want to say that applied trade license for 2 days ago wrad no 27 still waiting This is ridiculous!
tbh we the residents of ward 23 want to say that maa ka certifcate chahiye ward 23 office se past 2 weeks ho gaye Kab tak wait karein???
neighbor built extra floor without permission karol bagh When will this be fixed??
to whom it may concern, my scooter fell in phole wrad 43 near the market i got hurt
it's been since diwali and still garbaje wala nahi aaya ward 8 in the lane since diwali se कब होगा काम???
respected officer, major pipe burst near the temple ward no 2 water wasting
to whom it may concern, nali choke ho gayi ward 20 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha कब होगा काम???
meri beti ko dengue hua ward 37 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
Hi, wardd 4 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं When will this be fixed??
basically dear mc, building plan submitted wadr 29 snce monday no response
hi, bhai bandra west me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
borivali में भवन निर्माण अनुमति past 6 hours से लंबित है कब होगा काम???
building permission ke liye since 3 days WAIT kar raha hoon KAROL Bagh कब होगा काम???
hi, building mein aag ward no 2 jaldi aao
u see unauthorized building wadr no 20 please stop
you know ward 22 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein Kab tak wait karein???
water has weird smell and colour ward 40 We are very tired of this.
Ward no 19 office mein plan submit kiya for 5 dyas reply nahi Nobody is listening to us.
yaar Hello sir, safai NAHI HO RAHI WARD no 29 since the monsoon se kachra uthao na This has been going on too long.
actually To whom it may concern, huge potholes near the school ward 19 very dangerous
like construction waste dumped on road w-3 by builder
Dear MC, darin choked ward NO 17 PAST 6 HOURS FOUL smell HEALTH hazard Kab tak wait karein???
like hi, w-3 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं कब होगा काम???
yaar i want to report that ward 25 में व्यापार लाइसेंस since the monsoon से लंबित है
like Despite our previous complains, APPLIED trade license sine last night ago ward NO 11 still WAITING Disgusting situation.
basically to whom it may concern, water has weird smell and colour andheri east This is ridiculous!
it's been past 6 hours and still ward 11 की सड़क की हालत खराब है past 6 hours से मरम्मत नहीं
yaar Dear MC, street ligh not working ward no 14 at the signal snce 3 days very dark at night
Respected officer, mutation request pending Laxmi Nagar snce the monsoon please process This has been going on too long.
like Despite our previous cmplts, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi wrd no 10 me for 2 days se
ward no 24 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
basically kachra nahi utha ward no 18 mein from 4 days se bahut badbu This is ridiculous!
u see ward no 22 में स्ट्रीट लाइट from last tuesday से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
it's been from 4 days and still ward 35 outside my house mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi We are very tired of this.
yaar Hello sir, no streetlight W-14 in front of my building theft increasing
bhai it's been 1 hafte se and still dustbin bhar gayi w-19 mein khali karo please Very disappointed with MC.
bhai ward no 8 में at the corner पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
actually Despite our PREVIOUS COMPLAINS, road condition pathetic W-8 MULTIPLE potholes since the monsoon
This is to inform you that ward no 19 में कचरा गाड़ी since monday से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है When will this be fixed??
yaar toilet broken and stinking ward 7 nobody cleaning When will this be fixed??
you know Despite our previous complaints, stray dogs not sterilized wadr 39 population increasing This has been going on too long.
basically To WHOM it may concern, ward NO 14 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय SINCE 3 days से साफ नहीं हुआ We are very tired of this.
It's been 3 din se and still teen BAAR bulaya koi nahi AAYA ward 38 ka kuda uthane STILL not resolved!!!
some amount bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 21
respected officer, baarish ke baad drain overflow w-3 mein road nahi dikh raha We are very tired of this.
yaar this is to inform you that waterlogging after rain wadr no 12 mosquito problem getting worse
toilet gandy hai at plot no 45 WARD 11 since the MONSOON se safai KARO
u see manhole open hai near station koi gir jayega please cover lagao
fire noc required wrd 38 noot getting it
you know despite our previous complaints, potholes on main road ward 4 causing accidents from 4 days
sir Hi, W-18 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Please take urgent action!!!
you know Dear mc, applied for mutation since the monsoon no update w-16
This is to inform you that my building near station ward no 28 has no water from since diwali what to do कब होगा काम???
you know dear mc, aaj bhi ward no 15 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo Kab tak wait karein???
actually to whom it may concern, powai ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Disgusting situation.
actually TO WHOM IT may CONCERN, paid ₹25000 property tax but still showing dues W-3 कब होगा काम???
urgent complain: all street lamps broken karol bagh completely dark
u see To whom it may concern, daily water supply disrupted Wadala past past 2 weeks pipeline blocked maybe Disgusting situation.
actually Dear mc, meri beti ko dengue hua ward 9 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
ward no 7 ki sadak me ITNE khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi
IT'S been since the monsoon AND still ward 35 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
yaar swm worker absent from ward 42 outside my house since the monsoon
tbh i want to report that potholes on main roaad wrad 4 causing accidents sine morning कब होगा काम???
I want to report that municipal tanker not coming to PIMPRI 1 hafte se When will this be fixed??
u see I want to report that drain choked ward no 17 for 10 days foul smell health hazard This has been going on too long.
yaar IT'S been SINCE 3 dayz and still POWAI में IN front OF my BUILDING अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है Disgusting situation.
actually I want to report that my baby born since 3 days certifcate still not ready ward 41
tbh I want to report that municipal tanker not coming to ward no 3 1 hafte se
u see To whom it may concern, ward no 15 mein kachra SADAK pe bimari FAILEGI Please take urgent action!!!
I mean it's been since yesterday and still naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward no 25 ka Nobody is listening to us.
ward no 14 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi Disgusting situation.
you know to whom it may concern, ward no 27 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति over a fortnight से बाधित है We are very tired of this.
hi, ward no 26 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Please take urgent action!!!
like We the residents of ward 36 want to say that big water leak ward 36 past 6 hours nobody coming to fix STILL not resolved!!!
Urgent complaint: wrad no 14 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं Very disappointed with MC.
like machhar bahut hain ward NO 13 for 5 DYAS se spray kab karoge Very disappointed with MC.
Hi, ward 46 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi Kab tak wait karein???
Dear MC, meri beti ko dengue hua Matunga mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua This is ridiculous!
I want to REPORT that water pipe cracked WARD no 6 outside my HOUSE road become muddy Kab tak wait karein???
Urgent complaint: no water since for 2 days in ward no 21 when will tanker come
bhai ward 28 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega This is ridiculous!
3 people in my building got dengue ward 32 please spray
u see Despite our previous complaints, in front of my building ward 16 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko Very disappointed with MC.
like We the residents of ward no 18 want to say that unauthorized building ward no 18 plz stop
I mean we the residents of ward no 11 want to say that online payment fail ho gayi ward no 11 mein paise kat gaye Disgusting situation.
you know it's been for 2 dayz and still cow sitting on main road ward 16 traffic blocked
Ward no 27 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र from last tuesday से नहीं मिला
you know it's been since yesterday and still ward no 10 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi We are very tired of this.
bhai hello sir, online payment fail ho gayi wrd 7 mein paise kat gaye
Hi, entire ward no 16 in darkness after 9pm for the past week कब होगा काम???
I mean Correction needed birth certificate wadr no 16 wrong name spelled Very disappointed with MC.
bhai hello sir, wadr no 23 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili Disgusting situation.
This is to inform you that building permission ke liye snce morning wait kar raha hoon ward 18
sir Respected officer, dustbin overflowing ward 38 not emptied for 2 days Kab tak wait karein???
sir despite our previous complaints, rood tar came off for 10 days wardd no 24 only stones left
tbh street ligt not working Laxmi Nagar in front of MY building since 3 days very dark at night This is ridiculous!
yaar To whom it may concern, ward 11 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं Disgusting situation.
you know urgent complaint: swm worker absent from dharavi at plot no 45 since diwali STILL not resolved!!!
I mean we the residents of w-10 want to say that property mutation not done w-10 applied महीने भर से ago STILL not resolved!!!
actually despite our previous complaints, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward 21 colour bhi change hai Disgusting situation.
basically dear mc, entire footpath occupied by shop near the school dharavi for the past week This has been going on too long.
paid ₹5000 property tax but still showing dues wadr 31 कब होगा काम???
I mean DESPITE our previous COMPLAINTS, commencement certificate nto RECEIVED wrd no 29 despite approval Very disappointed with MC.
u see raat ko construction chal raha tha sion bina permission Nobody is listening to us.
tbh We the residents of ward 23 want to say that ward 23 में व्यापार लाइसेंस since yesterday से लंबित है
bhai To whom IT may concern, road repair KARO ward 48 mein KITNE din se khadde hain yaar
bhai mutation request pending ward no 9 since the rain please process
actually 1 ligth working out of 10 in w-6 rest all dead
hi, unauthorized building ward 48 please stop This is ridiculous!
it's been since last month and still illegal building ban raha hai wardd 12 mein rok do Disgusting situation.
i want to report that water filter getting choked daily ward no 4 water very bad quality Please take urgent action!!!
dustbin bhar gayi ward 28 mein khali karo plz
to whom it may concern, outside my house malviya nagar mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko Nobody is listening to us.
u see at the naka wardd no 7 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है Please take urgent action!!!
tbh We the residents of W-3 want to say that small fire W-3 near the temple before it spreads please come Disgusting situation.
actually ROAD tar CAME off since last month ward 49 ONLY stones left STILL not resolved!!!
it's been since morning and still no wator since since morning in wrd no 6 when will tanker come Very disappointed with MC.
basically it rained and entire road disappeared laxmi nagar only pits left
Hi, near the park borivali mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding We are very tired of this.
actually ward no 17 at the signal में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Very disappointed with MC.
To whom it may concern, at the junction W-16 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
like hello sir, nullah blocked w-4 mosquito breeding happening
i want to report that death registered but certificate pending ward no 26 Disgusting situation.
basically Respected officer, my area ward no 25 has nto seen garbaage van sine 1 hafte se कब होगा काम???
I want to report that wrd 34 में मच्छरों की समस्या kaafi dino se से है
dear mc, aaj fir gira mai wadr 12 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche
नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward no 28 में past 6 hours से We are very tired of this.
basically this is to inform you that water leakage at the naka wardd no 25 huge wastage plz fix
like respected officer, ward 25 में व्यापार लाइसेंस for the past week से लंबित है We are very tired of this.
wadr 19 mein LIGHT nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut HOTA hai
Despite our previous complaints, W-5 near station में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं This is ridiculous!
ward 38 at the main roda में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Kab tak wait karein???
actually respected officer, pipe phoot gayi ward no 4 near the temple mein paani beh raha hai
Urgent COMPLAINT: open manhole near sector 7 wrd no 28 very dangerous ESPECIALLY at night We are very tired of this.
you know This is to inform you that Borivali में from last tuesday से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
tbh to whom it may concern, main pipeline burst ward no 29 water gushing out महीने भर से We are very tired of this.
birth certiifcate nto received borivali office sinc morning
dear mc, paani ki bohot problem hai near the park mein ward 19 ke andar
I mean hi, wardd 5 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है for the past week से This is ridiculous!
I mean this is to inform you that wrd no 9 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua from 4 days se
actually urgent complaint: street light not working wadr 38 near the school since last night very dark at night
you know hello sir, huge potholes near station kurla very dangerous STILL not resolved!!!
sir i want to report that it rained and entire raod disappeared dharavi only pits left This has been going on too long.
basically we the residents of wadr no 3 want to say that pack of dogs chasing people wrad no 3 very scary Disgusting situation.
near the market ward 1 ka kuda uthao yaar for the past week se nahi utha
Building permission ke liye from last tuesday wait kar raha hoon w-16
tbh open manhole at the main roda w-19 very dangerous especially at night Please take urgent action!!!
we the residents of wrd 31 want to say that toilet band rehta hai wardd 31 mein kya fayda Nobody is listening to us.
to whom it may concern, ward no 3 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र kaafi dino se से नहीं मिला When will this be fixed??
tbh It's BEEN sinc morning and still SUPPLY cut without notice ward NO 24 SINCE morning
like respected officer, stray dogs nto sterilized wardd 21 population increasing Kab tak wait karein???
actually Garbage wala nahi aaya wadr 37 at the corner from last tuesday se Nobody is listening to us.
you know garbage truck not coming wardd no 1 1 hafte se Very disappointed with MC.
tbh hi, street light wire hanging loose at the signal w-2 shock risk Kab tak wait karein???
basically I want to report that trade license ke liye for 10 days se wait kar raha HOON ward 10 कब होगा काम???
bhai We the residents of ward no 11 want to say that my baby born past 6 hours certificate still not ready wrad no 11 Kab tak wait karein???
bhai this is to inform you that ward no 19 mein mutation nahi hua महीने भर से se apply kiya tha Please take urgent action!!!
to whom it may concern, cylinder blast hua at the main roaad ward 7 mein emergency When will this be fixed??
actually Dirty smelly water supply ward 11 past 6 hours health risk
basically Darin choked w-13 sinc last month foul smell health hazard Nobody is listening to us.
u see This is TO inform you that fire at building W-9 at the CORNER plz send fire ENGINE This has been going on too long.
respected officer, toilet band rehta hai w-3 mein kya fayda Very disappointed with MC.
I mean pack OF dogs chasing people ward 2 very scary Please take urgent action!!!
we the residents of ward no 7 want to say that people dumping garbage near the market ward no 7 very unhygienic Please take urgent action!!!
like Hi, tap is dry santacruz for 5 days plz check the pipeline STILL not resolved!!!
W-7 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi Please take urgent action!!!
I mean Despite our previous complaints, ward no 23 में नामांतरण FROM last tuesday से लंबित है कब होगा We are very tired of this.
Hi, ward 4 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
It's been since the rain and still w-13 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय sine the rain से साफ नहीं हुआ STILL not resolved!!!
sir it's been past 2 weeks and still death registered but certificate pending ward no 11 कब होगा काम???
you know Hi, water filter GETTING choked daily WARD 24 water very BAD quality STILL not resolved!!!
like small fire dharavi in our colony before it spreads plese come STILL not resolved!!!
like w-3 near station mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
Hi, bacche ka certficate nahi bana ward 41 mein since last month lag gaye
Urgent cmplt: oc application pending since the rain Kurla office Kab tak wait karein???
yaar THIS is to INFORM YOU that my scooter fell in pot hole wrd no 20 in the bylane i got HURT Kab tak wait karein???
u see mosquito problem Andheri EAST near D-block no fogging SINCE the monsoon Please take urgent action!!!
like hi, ward 44 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र 3 din se से नहीं मिला
basically hello sir, pipe phoot gayi dharavi near the temple mein paani beh raha hai Nobody is listening to us.
It's been SINCE THE rain and still applied for mutation since THE rain no update W-1
basically This is TO inform you that death registered but certficate pending ward 21 Please take urgent action!!!
bhai despite our previous complaints, waterlogging after rain w-1 mosquito problem getting worse
actually it's been since monday and still pothole outside my house wadr no 20 bike accident happened yesterday
It's been kaafi dino se AND still fire at building wrad no 2 at the main road PLEASE send fire engine This is ridiculous!
bandra west में नाली बंद है for 10 days से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
actually hello sir, garbage wala nahi aaya wrad 35 opposite the hospital from 4 days se STILL not resolved!!!
actually hello sir, near the market w-16 ka kuda uthao yaar 3 din se se nahi utha This has been going on too long.
garbage truck noot coming wadr no 19 over a fortnight Disgusting situation.
We the residents of thane want to say that near d-block thane mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko This has been going on too long.
tbh property tax portal down cannot pay wrad no 18 Nobody is listening to us.
yaar wadr no 4 IN front of my BUILDING mein log kachra FEK rahe hain gandagi
you know big water leak w-18 since 3 days nobody coming to fix STILL not resolved!!!
hello sir, gutter overflow shivaji nagar people walking in waste water
tbh it rained and entire road disappeared ward no 5 only pits left Very disappointed with MC.
actually BUILDER ne MAAL opposite the hospital WARD 24 road pe daal diya hata do This is ridiculous!
sir Hello sir, entire footpath occupied by shop at the naka ward 12 since last month Very disappointed with MC.
sir Dear mc, drainage overflow during rain ward 4 flooding streets STILL not resolved!!!
despite our previous complaints, brown water coming ward 36 children getting sick Nobody is listening to us.
it's been past 2 weeks and still nullah blocked wardd 19 mosquito breeding happening
bhai hi, road condition pathetic thane multiple potholes past 2 weeks
basically encroachment on footpath in front of my building wrd no 12 pedestrians cant walk STILL not resolved!!!
Hi, all street lamps broken mulund completely dark When will this be fixed??
I mean despite our previous complaints, sion में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है snce the monsoon से
yaar teen baar BULAYA KOI nahi aaya wadr 23 ka KUDA uthane This is ridiculous!
u see urgent complaint: oc application pending since yesterday ward 35 office
like despite our previous complaints, bacche ka certiifcate nahi bana w-11 mein past 2 weeks lag gaye
like We the residents of Karol Bagh want TO say that stray CATTLE blocking raod Karol Bagh since last night This has been going on too long.
Wrad 25 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
u see i want to report that ward 8 mein death certificate nahi mila kaafi dino se se urgnt hai
hello sir, my area wrad no 13 has not seen garbage van since over a fortnight
tbh i want to report that potholes on main rood ward no 19 causing accidents for 2 days
sir Despite our PREVIOUS complaints, many stray dogs ward no 23 near the park biting residents
I want to report that registered birth for 2 days BUT CERTIFICATE noot issued W-8 When will this be fixed??
massive crater sized pothole behind the mall vikhroli sine since last night We are very tired of this.
like w-18 mein paani band hai past 6 hours se log taras rahe hain Nobody is listening to us.
i want to report that pothole in the lane ward no 22 bike accident happened yesterday
u see Dear MC, ward no 18 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति FROM LAST tuesday से बाधित है Please take urgent action!!!
dear mc, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward no 15 me since last night se Please take urgent action!!!
this is to inform you that small fire andheri east at the junction before it spreads please come
tbh Hello sir, trade license ke liye since 3 days se wait kar raha hoon ward 19 Disgusting situation.
like W-17 में नाली बंद है since 3 days से सड़क पर गंदा पानी This is ridiculous!
this is to inform you that all street lamps broken ward 31 completely dark We are very tired of this.
sir Hello sir, naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward 29 ka
you know respected officer, all street lamps broken ward 8 completely dark Kab tak wait karein???
you know HI, watr pressure very low NEAR sector 7 ward 5 snce LAST month barely enough This is ridiculous!
you know We the residents of ward 32 want TO say that teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya wadr 32 ka kuda uthane This is ridiculous!
tbh i want to report that my building near d-block ward no 25 has no water from since last night what to do This is ridiculous!
we the residents of ward no 8 want to say that my baby born since the monsoon certiifcate still not ready wrad no 8
I mean This is to inform you that ilegal constraction ward 40 near the school without permission
actually it's been since morning and still ward 19 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain since morning se bahut takleef कब होगा काम???
I want to report that raat ko construction chal raha tha ward 45 bina permission
To whom it may concern, ward 28 mein awaara kutte BAHUT hain bacchon ko kaat rahe STILL not resolved!!!
u see hello sir, pipe leaking ward no 24 in front of my building road flooded कब होगा काम???
u see This is to inform you that building PERMISSION ke liye 1 hafte se wait kar raha hoon WARD 10 Please take urgent action!!!
constuction without plan approval ward no 14 Disgusting situation.
bhai hi, roda tar came off kaafi dino se ward 20 only stones left
actually It's been since 3 days and still toilet broken and stinking W-12 nobody cleaning
It's been for the past week and still kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi wardd 11 me for the past week se Nobody is listening to us.
like this is to inform you that w-7 में 1 hafte se से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय We are very tired of this.
actually It's been since morning and still daily water supply disrupted wadr no 21 past since morning pipeline blocked maybe
I mean hi, ward 11 में मच्छरों की समस्या महीने भर से से है Please take urgent action!!!
like we the residents of ward no 27 want to say that small fire wrad no 27 near the park before it spreads pls come
u see ward 36 in the bylane mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi This is ridiculous!
I want to report that fire at building Laxmi Nagar near the park plz send fire engine
respected officer, unauthorized building wadr 23 plz stop
tbh I want to report that main pipeline burst wrad no 25 water gushing out since the monsoon Kab tak wait karein???
sir in front of my building ward 17 ka kuda uthao yaar since morning se nahi utha Very disappointed with MC.
actually We the residents of ward 47 want to say that maa ka CERTIFICATE CHAHIYE wrd 47 OFFICE se from last tuesday ho gaye
you know this is to inform you that ward 34 mein mutation nahi hua past 2 weeks se apply kiya tha Please take urgent action!!!
tbh respected officer, small fire wrd no 11 at plot no 45 before it spreads plese come This is ridiculous!
yaar road repair karo sion mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
sir dear mc, huge potholes at the corner w-15 very dangerous
hello sir, road broken badly w-10 behind the mall car tyres punctured 2 times When will this be fixed??
tbh hi, ward 47 mein paani ka pipe since last month se leak ho raha hai We are very tired of this.
I mean wrad 10 office SE birth certificate nahi mila 1 hafte se se Kab tak wait karein???
to whom it may concern, ward no 28 में कचरा गाड़ी for 2 days से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है This has been going on too long.
dear mc, bacche ka certificate nahi bana w-3 mein since the rain lag gaye STILL not resolved!!!
like Toilet band rehta hai w-5 mein kya fayda This is ridiculous!
actually we the residents of wardd no 20 want to say that open manhole near the market ward no 20 very dangerous especially at night When will this be fixed??
actually respected officer, baarish ke baad drain overflow ward 28 mein road nahi dikh raha Disgusting situation.
u see we the residents of w-15 want to say that w-15 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
It's been past 6 hours and still ward 6 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए This has been going on too long.
yaar Toilet always locked wardd 14 at the main roda useless facility Nobody is listening to us.
tbh despite our previous complaints, we called the garbage number 3 times w-12 no response When will this be fixed??
yaar hi, pothole in our colony ward no 26 bike accident happened yesterday
it's been snce last month and still ward 28 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Very disappointed with MC.
We the residents of wardd no 15 want to say that toilet broken and stinking ward no 15 nobody cleaning
to whom it may concern, all street lamps broken bandra west completely dark
sir To whom it may concern, road condition pathetic Koramangala multiple potholes for 5 days
you know respected officer, road tar came off kaafi dino se ward 13 only stones left Nobody is listening to us.
sir watr filter getting choked daily Matunga wateer very BAD quality Please take urgent action!!!
u see Hello sir, drain blocked Borivali NEAR sector 7 sewage overflowing on raod This is ridiculous!
wrong property tax assessment wrd no 11 proerty
you know despite our previous complaints, ward 37 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Disgusting situation.
u see Hi, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward no 14 ka kuda uthane
despite our previous complaints, garbage lying on road wrd no 25 for 2 days disease risk
sir Hello sir, massive crater sized pothole at the corner ward no 10 since from 4 days
you know Dear MC, mosquito breeding open darin ward no 5 health risk Please take urgent action!!!
nali choke ho gayi wrd 27 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha Please take urgent action!!!
tbh Entire footpath occupied by shop at plot no 45 w-19 for 2 days STILL not resolved!!!
actually hi, nullah blocked ward 32 mosquito breeding happening STILL not resolved!!!
yaar Hello sir, ward 18 में near the market के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक We are very tired of this.
bhai hello sir, thane near the temple mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi We are very tired of this.
To whom it may concern, neighbor built extra floor without permission ward 45 When will this be fixed??
you know ward 42 में near d-block के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक We are very tired of this.
actually this is to inform you that mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward 10 This has been going on too long.
like Hi, road repair karo ward 15 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar कब होगा काम???
sir URGENT complaint: fire BROKE out AT the corner Hadapsar fire brigade delayed This is ridiculous!
u see i want to report that fire broke out in the lane ward no 13 fire brigade delayed When will this be fixed??
actually Urgent COMPLAINT: potholes on main road Dharavi causing accidents past 6 hours कब होगा काम???
actually Hello sir, ward 17 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया When will this be fixed??
basically karol bagh ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega
Despite our previous complaints, हमारे w-13 में kaafi dino se से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
Hello sir, NO water since past 2 weeks in ward 26 when will tanker come This is ridiculous!
to whom it may concern, correction needed birth certificate ward 42 wrong name spelled Nobody is listening to us.
trade license renewal pending since morning shop ward no 27 Very disappointed with MC.
I mean Respected officer, illegal costrution ward 16 IN OUR colony without permission Disgusting situation.
actually W-11 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
like Street light wire hanging loose near the park ward no 26 shock risk
We the residents of ward no 9 want to say that paani nahi aa raha ward no 9 mein since monday se
basically cylinder blast hua at plot no 45 ward 48 mein emergency
yaar This is to inform you that dirty smelly water supply ward 13 for the past week health risk
we the residents of w-8 want to say that w-8 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
I want to report that water from tap ward 46 yellow coloured nto drinkable
u see to whom it may concern, pimpri में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए STILL not resolved!!!
like URGNT complaint: stray dogs not sterilized Kurla population increasing Kab tak wait karein???
basically Urgnt complaint: unauthorized building w-19 plese stop Nobody is listening to us.
u see matunga में व्यापार लाइसेंस kaafi dino se से लंबित है This is ridiculous!
bhai Dear mc, paani ki bohot problem hai at the corner mein shivaji nagar ke andar Please take urgent action!!!
Dear MC, ward no 24 near the park mein aag lagi hai FIRE brigade bulao
u see it's been for 10 days and still applied birth cert ward no 22 for 10 dyas back no movement Nobody is listening to us.
basically despite our previous complaints, no response to building permission application w-3 for 10 days
yaar wadr 6 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Kab tak wait karein???
actually Urgent complaint: my area ward 42 has not seen garbaage van since 3 din se
u see this is to inform you that main pipeline burst w-14 water gushing out 3 din se
sir It's been from last tuesday and still people dumping garbge at the signal W-10 very unhygienic When will this be fixed??
I mean ward 32 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua for the past week se
it's been since the monsoon and still naam galat likha hai certficate mein ward 21 ka
to whom it may concern, supply cut without notice w-6 since yesterday Very disappointed with MC.
I mean it's been since last month and still drainage overflow during rain w-9 flooding streets We are very tired of this.
bhai We the residents of w-5 want to say that applied trade license past 6 hours ago w-5 still waiting This is ridiculous!
Despite our previous complaints, raod pe gadd hai in the lane w-9 bike wale girte hain Nobody is listening to us.
you know respected officer, पड़ोसी ने wardd no 5 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली This is ridiculous!
like to whom it may concern, ward 33 में व्यापार लाइसेंस sinc monday से लंबित है
u see i want to report that naam galat likha hai certficate mein wadr no 8 ka Disgusting situation.
I mean maa ka certifcate chahiye ward 40 office se past 6 hours ho gaye
respected officer, thane में in front of my building कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध
We the residents of ward 29 want to say that entire footpath occupied by shop outside my HOUSE ward 29 sine monday Very disappointed with MC.
tbh ward 25 mein mutation nahi hua महीने भर से se apply kiya tha When will this be fixed??
dear mc, mulund mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
yaar Dear MC, naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward no 24 ka Please take urgent action!!!
you know despite our previous complaints, manhole cover missing behind the mall w-17 someone will fall Kab tak wait karein???
I mean i want to report that applied for mutation महीने भर से no update ward 10 This is ridiculous!
like Respected officer, road full of potholes w-17 since morning vehicles getting damaged STILL not resolved!!!
you know to whom it may concern, dog attack wadr 25 near d-block child got bitten plese help कब होगा काम???
This is to inform you that water pressure very low in the lane ward 4 for 5 days barely enough This has been going on too long.
u see Dear MC, illegal building ban raha hai ward no 18 mein rok do
actually hi, gutter bhar gaya w-10 mein log paani mein chal rahe This has been going on too long.
bhai hello sir, registered birth from 4 days but certiifcate not issued w-10 This is ridiculous!
you know Respected officer, ward 9 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय since last night से साफ नहीं हुआ कब होगा काम???
Despite our previous complains, wrd no 28 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye
sir we the residents of ward 40 want to say that open manhole in the lane ward 40 very dangerous especially at night STILL not resolved!!!
bhai BORIVALI की सड़क की हालत खराब है महीने भर से से मरम्मत नहीं Nobody is listening to us.
basically chembur ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Very disappointed with MC.
I mean despite our previous complaints, illegal building ban raha hai w-2 mein rok do
this is to inform you that maa ka certificate chahiye malviya nagar office se for the past week ho gaye Very disappointed with MC.
it's been since diwali and still garbage truck not coming w-13 since diwali We are very tired of this.
I mean hello sir, bandra west से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र over a fortnight से नहीं मिला
u see Hi, water looks muddy W-13 IN the bylane snce 3 days Disgusting situation.
Ward 11 में near d-block पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है कब होगा काम???
tbh many stray dogs Pimpri at the naka biting residents
despite our previous complaints, kab aayega paani wardd no 15 mein itna wait kar rahe hain
u see urgent complaint: nali choke ho gayi wadala ganda paani sadak pe aa raha
I mean i want to report that footpath pe encroachment hai in front of my building chembur mein We are very tired of this.
actually Hi, wadr 34 outside my house mein log kachra fek rahe HAIN GANDAGI
we the residents of wadr no 18 want to say that kachra nahi utha ward no 18 mein महीने भर से se bahut badbu This has been going on too long.
actually ward no 28 में in our colony अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
tbh we the residents of ward 20 want to say that ward 20 mein death certifcate nahi mila kaafi dino se se urgent hai
it's been since last night and still ward no 7 in front of my building mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao Kab tak wait karein???
basically Hello sir, manhole cover missing in front of my building ward 24 someone will FALL
dear mc, hadapsar का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
sir hi, fire noc required wrd 49 not getting it Disgusting situation.
tbh dear mc, gutter bhar gaya ward 47 mein log paani mein chal rahe When will this be fixed??
actually it's been kaafi dino se and still small fire wadr 14 near sector 7 before it spreads please come
yaar many stray dogs ward 25 near the school biting residents Kab tak wait karein???
you know Respected officer, drainn choked ward 34 for 10 dyas foul smell health hazard
yaar i want to report that wrd 11 ka propety tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili We are very tired of this.
tbh Hello sir, ward no 19 में in the lane अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है Nobody is listening to us.
actually despite our previous complaints, toilet band rehta hai ward 15 mein kya fayda Very disappointed with MC.
HELLO sir, birth CERTIFICATE not received W-4 office since last night
sir to whom it may concern, tax demand notice for ward 26 but payment done from last tuesday ago
Despite our previous complaints, ward 12 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
basically We the residents of ward NO 19 want to say that applied trade license over a fortnight ago ward no 19 STILL waiting
sir We the residents of ward no 23 want to say that ₹25000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward no 23
I want to report that W-13 में नाली बंद है for the past week से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
basically pipe leaking wardd no 23 near the park roda flooded When will this be fixed??
Wrad 17 में स्ट्रीट लाइट for 5 days से बंद है रात में अंधेरा This has been going on too long.
W-16 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें This is ridiculous!
Respected officer, at the junction W-1 ka kuda uthao yaar from 4 days se nahi utha Kab tak wait karein???
Despite our PREVIOUS complaints, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward no 21 me since 3 days se
Despite our previous complaints, ward 4 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति past 6 hours से लंबित है
basically water from tap w-5 yellow coloured noot drinkable कब होगा काम???
yaar Hello sir, mutation REQUEST pending WARD 33 since diwali please process
tbh To whom IT may concern, entire footpath occupied by shop at plot no 45 wardd 27 from 4 days Kab tak wait karein???
you know This is to inform you that no watr since for the past week in wrd no 21 when will tanker come When will this be fixed??
machhar bahut hain ward no 11 for 2 days se spray kab karoge Disgusting situation.
you know pothole in the bylane wardd 2 bike accident happened yesterday We are very tired of this.
We the residents of W-5 want to say that W-5 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Disgusting situation.
basically urgent complaint: safai nahi ho rahi koramangala past 6 hours se kachra uthao na
dear mc, rood pe gadd hai near the market wrd no 11 bike wale girte hain Please take urgent action!!!
basically respected officer, nullah blocked ward 49 mosquito breeding happening Very disappointed with MC.
sewage smell unbearable ward no 26 for 2 days kids cant go to school
hello sir, encroachment on footpath near the temple wrad no 27 pedestrians cant walk
dear mc, nullah blocked wrad 47 mosquito breeding happening
bhai 1 light working out of 10 in ward 44 rest all dead This has been going on too long.
this is to inform you that baarish ke baad drain overflow wardd 41 mein road nahi dikh raha
Respected officer, waterlogging after rain W-10 mosquito problem getting worse
bhai we the residents of ward 41 want to say that ward 41 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
u see I want to report that neighbor built extra floor without permission ward 38
basically this is to inform you that at the corner ward 38 ka kuda uthao yaar since last night se nahi utha Kab tak wait karein???
respected officer, trade license ke liye sine the rain se wait kar raha hoon santacruz Kab tak wait karein???
bhai we the residents of w-8 want to say that w-8 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया Please take urgent action!!!
like my building in front of my building Kurla has no wator from past 2 weeks what TO do Nobody is listening to us.
you know it's been since the monsoon and still paani ki problem hai ward 33 mein since the monsoon se nala band hogaya
urgent complaint: kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi wadr no 7 me since diwali se
Hello sir, ward 25 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है We are very tired of this.
bhai i want to report that street ligth nt working w-4 near station for the past week very dark at night
I want to report that ward no 14 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
This is to inform you that rood full of potholes wrad no 13 sinc last month vehicles getting damaged
sir i want to report that we r not getting water ward 26 4 since monday wat is happening This has been going on too long.
tbh Footpath pe encroachment hai in front of my building ward no 18 mein STILL not resolved!!!
Urgent cmplt: my scooter fell in pothole W-3 at the junction i GOT hurt Disgusting situation.
sir dear mc, ward 43 ka proprty tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili This is ridiculous!
bhai Respected officer, नाली से बदबू ward NO 2 में kaafi dino se से असहनीय हो गई है
Despite our previous complaints, wardd 32 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
respected officer, water not coming from tap outside my house w-12 When will this be fixed??
Hi, naam galat likha hai certficate mein W-12 ka Very disappointed with MC.
bhai respected officer, applied birth cert ward 31 for the past week back no movement
like dear mc, open manhole in the lane wadr 6 very dangerous especially at night Kab tak wait karein???
u see I want to report that ward 18 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye Kab tak wait karein???
we the residents of kurla want to say that 1 light working out of 10 in kurla rest all dead
bhai respected officer, nahi aa rha paani ward no 26 mein please koi to suno Very disappointed with MC.
actually water filter getting choked DAILY W-8 water VERY bad quality Disgusting situation.
fire broke out at the signal w-13 fire brigade delayed
u see WE the residents OF ward NO 29 want to SAY that हमारे ward no 29 में since LAST night से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे Very disappointed with MC.
Urgent complaint: 1 light working out of 10 in ward 10 rest all dead
despite our previous complaints, garbge not collected ward 31 since the monsoon unbearable smell
i want to report that constuction without plan approval wrad 13
like i want to report that my building at the main road w-10 has no wter from 3 din se what to do Disgusting situation.
this is to inform you that ward 14 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें We are very tired of this.
you know it's been 3 din se and still ward 5 में मच्छरों की समस्या 3 din se से है
wadr 1 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति 3 din se से बाधित है
dear mc, wrong property tax assessment ward 4 property Very disappointed with MC.
basically hi, mosquito problem ward no 23 near d-block no fogging from last tuesday This has been going on too long.
basically fire NOC REQUIRED wrd 46 nto getting IT
new trade license not processed w-2 for the past week Disgusting situation.
this is to inform you that maa ka certificate chahiye ward 21 office se from 4 days ho gaye STILL not resolved!!!
basically no streetlight ward 40 opposite the hospital theft increasing Nobody is listening to us.
despite our previous complaints, paani nahi aa raha vile parle mein for 10 days se कब होगा काम???
yaar i want to report that road condition pathetic wrad 24 multiple potholes since last month Very disappointed with MC.
you know MY baby born for 5 DAYS certificate STILL not ready INDIRANAGAR STILL not resolved!!!
basically Ward 45 में मच्छरों की समस्या since morning से है This is ridiculous!
bhai respected officer, fire noc required ward 41 not getting it
sir malaria fear ward 40 darin nt cleaned kaafi dino se This has been going on too long.
tbh to whom it may concern, dustbin bhar gayi w-2 mein khali karo please Disgusting situation.
actually we the residents of ward no 5 want to say that bhai ward no 5 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo We are very tired of this.
u see hello sir, water pressure very low near d-block wardd no 17 महीने भर से barely enough Very disappointed with MC.
u see Ward 25 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए We are very tired of this.
u see oc application pending महीने भर से SANTACRUZ OFFICE This is ridiculous!
new trade license nto processed W-5 महीने भर से
I mean This is to inform you that pipe PHOOT gayi ward 17 at the naka mein paani beh raha hai
basically I want to report that my area W-2 HAS not SEEN garbaage van since past 6 hours
waste not picked ward 3 at the corner since monday piling up on road When will this be fixed??
respected officer, pipe leaking outside behind the mall ward 36 creating pot hole also When will this be fixed??
we the residents of wardd 43 want to say that pipe toot gayi at the corner ward 43 ke paas jaldi aao
basically Dear mc, bhari water leakage at the corner sadak bhar gayi
u see this is to inform you that mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward 48 ka Disgusting situation.
basically I want to report that meri beti ko dengue hua Vikhroli mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua कब होगा काम???
sir urgent complaint: building plan submitted ward 34 since last night no response Disgusting situation.
u see HELLO sir, FIRE broke out near the market ward no 3 fire brigade delayed Kab tak wait karein???
like To whom it may concern, paid ₹8500 property tax but still showing dues wrd no 17
actually respected officer, w-10 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
I want to report that ward 36 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें When will this be fixed??
like hi, andheri east में कचरा गाड़ी since monday से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है This has been going on too long.
basically respected officer, w-18 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
bhai online payment fail ho gayi Koramangala mein paise kat gaye Nobody is listening to us.
I mean we the residents of wrad 2 want to say that paani nahi aa raha ward 2 mein for 5 days se Kab tak wait karein???
actually aaj bhi ward 32 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
respected officer, thane से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र महीने भर से से नहीं मिला
sir aaj bhi wrad no 29 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo Very disappointed with MC.
tbh light pole broken w-15 dangerous live wire exposed Nobody is listening to us.
TO whom it may concern, small fire Vikhroli at the main road before IT spreads please come Disgusting situation.
sir it's been since 3 days and still ward 5 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
propety mutation not done ward 20 applied past 6 hours ago Kab tak wait karein???
tbh we the residents of vile parle want to say that water filter getting choked daily vile parle water very bad quality
you know WE the residents of ward 33 WANT to say that toilet band REHTA hai wrad 33 MEIN kya fayda
sir to whom it may concern, mutation request pending ward 48 1 hafte se pls process Very disappointed with MC.
yaar This is to inform you that pipe leaking outside at the naka ward 47 creating pothole also Nobody is listening to us.
respected officer, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya w-5 ka kuda uthane We are very tired of this.
urgent complaint: ward 15 near the temple mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao कब होगा काम???
Respected officer, fire noc required ward no 29 not getting it This is ridiculous!
bhai respected officer, ward no 22 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है
basically to whom it may concern, gutter bhar gaya wrd 10 mein log paani mein chal rahe This is ridiculous!
I mean entire ward 45 in darkness AFTER 9PM since diwali When will this be fixed??
tbh we the residents of thane want to say that thane में नाली बंद है since 3 days से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
to whom it may concern, w-5 में नामांतरण from last tuesday से लंबित है कब होगा
It's been over a fortnight and still ward 28 में मच्छरों की समस्या over a fortnight से है Nobody is listening to us.
sir Dear mc, cow sitting on main road wrad no 29 traffic blocked
bhai to whom it may concern, shivaji nagar में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
u see hello sir, maa ka certificate chahiye ward 2 office se past 6 hours ho gaye
u see i want to report that gutter overflow ward no 11 people walking in waste wator This is ridiculous!
despite our previous cmplts, wrd 28 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Very disappointed with MC.
bhai Dear MC, illegal DUMP near the school ward 20 flies mosquitoes EVERYWHERE Very disappointed with MC.
malaria fear ward no 6 drain nto cleaned for 10 day This is ridiculous!
tbh Hi, nahi aa rha paani ward 48 mein please koi to suno We are very tired of this.
tbh ward 5 में स्ट्रीट लाइट for the past week से बंद है रात में अंधेरा Please take urgent action!!!
like to whom it may concern, wrd no 18 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है since last night से
you know It's been since diwali and still water supply stopped ward no 20 since diwali residents suffering badly Kab tak wait karein???
builder ne maal in our colony w-1 road pe daal diya hata do
tbh it's been for 5 days and still constraction without plan approval ward 34 We are very tired of this.
bhai Despite our previous complains, applied for mutation kaafi dino se no update ward no 3
you know Chembur की सड़क की हालत खराब है over a fortnight से मरम्मत नहीं We are very tired of this.
tbh manhole open hai in front of my building koi gir jayega pls cover lagao
yaar Dear MC, online PROERTY tax PAYMENT failed AMOUNT ₹12000 DEDUCTED ward no 17
bhai dear mc, wrad 21 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
basically hi, death certificate not issued wardd 28 office since yesterday Please take urgent action!!!
sir Hello sir, wrad no 22 ki sadak me itne KHADDE hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi
u see unauthorized building w-6 please stop Very disappointed with MC.
bhai respected officer, neighbor built extra floor without permission karol bagh
u see It's been from 4 days and still trade license ke liye from 4 days se wait kar raha hoon ward no 17 कब होगा काम???
sir it's been for 10 days and still ward no 11 की सड़क की हालत खराब है for 10 days से मरम्मत नहीं
tbh i want to report that we called the garbaage number 3 times ward 44 no response We are very tired of this.
correction needed birth certficate ward no 21 wrong name spelled Disgusting situation.
actually respected officer, commencement certificate not received w-10 despite approval
like I want to report that ward 16 की सड़क की हालत खराब है since last month से मरम्मत नहीं
sir to whom it may concern, mosquito problem ward no 3 behind the mall no fogging past 6 hours
yaar This is to inform you that no response to building permission application wardd no 5 महीने भर से Disgusting situation.
Urgent COMPLAINT: water pipe cracked WARD 5 near the park roda become muddy Please take urgent action!!!
tbh despite our previous complaints, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward 21 traffic jam ho raha We are very tired of this.
basically this is to inform you that meri beti ko dengue hua vile parle mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua We are very tired of this.
basically Hi, no WATER since past 2 weeks IN ward no 14 WHEN will tanker come This has been going on too long.
sir manhole cover missing near D-block Govandi someone will fall Disgusting situation.
I mean despite our previous complaints, drainage overflow during rain wardd 12 flooding streets
respected officer, main pipeline burst w-12 water gushing out for 10 days Please take urgent action!!!
I mean Hello SIR, garbage wala nahi aaya Indiranagar NEAR the market since morning se
bhai garbage not collected vikhroli for the past week unbearable smell
I want to report that mutation request pending ward no 28 since last night plese process Nobody is listening to us.
I want to report that raod full of potholes WARD no 1 since morning VEHICLES getting damaged
Dear MC, pipe leaking outside at the naka wadr 16 creating phole also When will this be fixed??
Ward no 24 at the signal bina permission construction ho raha hai
tbh Garbge collector takes money still not collecting ward 33 This has been going on too long.
this is to inform you that पड़ोसी ने ward no 21 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली
we the residents of ward 48 want to say that toilet gandy hai in front of my building ward 48 for 5 dayz se safai karo
Despite our previous complaints, constraction waste dumped on roda ward 47 by builder This is ridiculous!
bhai hi, no water snce over a fortnight in indiranagar when will tanker come STILL not resolved!!!
bhai ward no 5 में व्यापार लाइसेंस for 10 days से लंबित है STILL not resolved!!!
basically i want to report that property mutation not done ward 24 applied since 3 days ago
you know teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward no 20 ka kuda uthane
bhai It's been since monday and still BUILDING permission ke liye since monday wait kar raha HOON ward 42 Nobody is listening to us.
water supply stopped W-6 for 2 day residents suffering badly Kab tak wait karein???
u see dear mc, tax demand notice for vile parle but payment done since last month ago STILL not resolved!!!
u see Respected officer, applied for mutation since diwali no update W-16
you know Dear MC, big water leak W-1 past 6 hours nobody coming to fix
I want to report that water filter getting choked daily wardd 4 water very bad quality
This IS to inform you that ANDHERI East क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति since the monsoon से बाधित है Kab tak wait karein???
u see despite our previous complains, fire broke out at the junction w-12 fire brigade delayed This has been going on too long.
actually urgent complaint: ₹8500 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai bandra west
yaar w-16 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi When will this be fixed??
I mean Hello sir, major pipe burst near D-block ward 42 water wasting When will this be fixed??
bhai Hello sir, at the junction ward 31 ka kuda uthao yaar since yesterday se nahi utha
I mean It's been from last tuesday and still online property tax payment FAILED AMOUNT ₹3500 deducted Vile Parle When will this be fixed??
you know despite our previous complaints, w-18 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein Very disappointed with MC.
like Hello sir, STREET ligth not working Indiranagar near D-block from last tuesday very DARK at night
sir urgent complaint: ward 20 में near the market अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है Kab tak wait karein???
yaar Despite our previous complaints, khadda hai in THE bylane WARD 24 mein accident hua tha KAL
I mean we the residents of wardd 22 want to say that wardd 22 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Very disappointed with MC.
I mean despite our previous complaints, entire wrd no 13 in darkness after 9pm since the monsoon
tbh trade license renewal pending महीने भर से shop chembur Kab tak wait karein???
i want to report that dirty smelly water supply wrd 42 since last night health risk Nobody is listening to us.
actually respected officer, ward 38 ka proprty tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
We the residents of ward 13 want to say that wardd 13 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
this is to inform you that toilet band rehta hai w-14 mein kya fayda When will this be fixed??
sir I want to report THAT commencement certificate NOT received Karol Bagh despite approval Nobody is listening to us.
Dear MC, mosquito problem W-5 at PLOT NO 45 NO fogging 3 din se This is ridiculous!
like we called the garbaage number 3 times w-15 no response Very disappointed with MC.
sir Hello sir, raod tar came off 1 hafte se ward no 21 only stones left
Sewage smell unbearable malviya nagar since yesterday kids cant go to school Nobody is listening to us.
respected officer, near the temple ward 18 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है कब होगा काम???
despite our previous cmplts, cylinder blast near the market ward 30 need immediate help
yaar machhar bahut hain Laxmi Nagar since diwali se spray kab karoge कब होगा काम???
hi, toilet gandy hai in front of my building w-2 since morning se safai karo
yaar to whom it may concern, pipe phoot gayi ward no 29 near station mein paani beh raha hai Please take urgent action!!!
Hi, Malviya Nagar में नामांतरण since the monsoon से लंबित है कब होगा
tbh it's been from 4 dayz and still नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward no 6 में from 4 days से Please take urgent action!!!
It's been 3 din se and still mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani Indiranagar Disgusting situation.
yaar hello sir, water leakage at the junction ward 17 huge wastage please fix Please take urgent action!!!
like dear mc, wrad 14 में स्ट्रीट लाइट sine last month से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
u see Hello sir, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward 8 ka kuda uthane Nobody is listening to us.
Hi, bhai Thane me paani nahi chal raha kuch KARO STILL not resolved!!!
WE the RESIDENTS of PIMPRI WANT to say THAT cylinder blast in OUR colony Pimpri need immediate help
This is to inform you that WARD 20 MEIN PAANI ka pipe FROM last tuesday se leak ho RAHA hai We are very tired of this.
bhai Hello sir, trade license ke liye SINCE 3 days se wait kar raha hoon ward 13
It's been past 6 hours and still ward no 24 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi Nobody is listening to us.
sir hi, dog attack wrad 49 at plot no 45 child got bitten please help When will this be fixed??
like hello sir, safai nahi ho rahi ward 24 from 4 days se kachra uthao na कब होगा काम???
it's been over a fortnight and still paid proprty tax ward no 22 but receipt not received
u see hi, aaj fir gira mai malviya nagar ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche
to whom it may concern, nullah blocked bandra west mosquito breeding happening
you know Respected officer, garbaje collector takes money still nto collecting ward no 29
hello sir, w-17 near the school nali band hai महीने भर से se badbu aa rahi Please take urgent action!!!
sir this is to inform you that in our colony ward no 24 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Nobody is listening to us.
I want to report that DRAIN choked ward no 7 SINCE the rain foul smell health hazard
like dear mc, gutter overflow wadala people walking in waste water Kab tak wait karein???
bhai to whom it may concern, online property tax payment failed amount ₹8500 deducted wardd 36 We are very tired of this.
hi, ward no 18 में 3 din se से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
yaar hi, nullah blocked ward no 1 mosquito breeding happening Kab tak wait karein???
like Despite our PREVIOUS complaints, massive crater sized pothole IN the lane Borivali sinc kaafi dino se This has been going on too long.
applied for mutation for 2 days no update Dharavi
this is to inform you that wadr 30 in the lane में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Please take urgent action!!!
W-7 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete
construction waste dumped on road Sion by builder Kab tak wait karein???
yaar i want to report that garbage collector takes money still nto collecting ward no 6 Nobody is listening to us.
teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya w-19 ka kuda uthane We are very tired of this.
Hi, kachra nahi utha ward 2 mein since diwali se bahut badbu Nobody is listening to us.
this is to inform you that pothole outside my house ward 39 bike accident happened yesterday Kab tak wait karein???
basically water looks muddy vile parle at plot no 45 since last night कब होगा काम???
actually this is to inform you that people dumping garbage at the naka ward 33 very unhygienic
to whom it may concern, tax notice came again even after paying w-12
mosquito breeding open drain ward 36 health risk Very disappointed with MC.
tbh hi, ward 28 office mein plan submit kiya since the monsoon reply nahi
sir HI, huge potholes near the park W-4 very dangerous
like Respected officer, meri beti ko dengue hua wrad 31 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
like i want to report that teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya w-19 ka kuda uthane When will this be fixed??
yaar despite our previous complaints, my shop has no license because santacruz office not responding Please take urgent action!!!
yaar respected officer, municipal tanker not coming to w-10 from 4 dayz STILL not resolved!!!
tbh Despite our previous complaints, W-12 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए When will this be fixed??
hi, w-15 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
I mean urgent complaint: garbage truck not coming thane past 6 hours
we the residents of wardd no 15 want to say that ward no 15 at the naka nali band hai since monday se badbu aa rahi When will this be fixed??
basically applied trade license 3 din se ago borivali still waiting
hello sir, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward no 2 में kaafi dino se से Please take urgent action!!!
ward 7 at the main road mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao STILL not resolved!!!
tbh I want to report that nullah blocked Karol Bagh mosquito breeding happening Kab tak wait karein???
bhai i want to report that tax demand notice for ward 21 but payment done for 10 days ago
actually my shop has no license because wadr 45 office not responding
basically Hi, CORRECTION needed birth certificate ward 36 wrong name spelled Nobody is listening to us.
u see To whom it may CONCERN, wrong PROPERTY TAX assessment ward no 4 PROPERTY कब होगा काम???
you know dear mc, ward 8 mein death certiifcate nahi mila since morning se urgent hai This has been going on too long.
u see ward 18 mein death certificate nahi mila महीने भर से se urgent hai STILL not resolved!!!
actually property tax portal down cannot pay malviya nagar STILL not resolved!!!
wrd 8 office se birth certificate nahi mila past 2 weeks se Kab tak wait karein???
like dear mc, ward 24 में near the school पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है Kab tak wait karein???
street light toot gayi in the lane W-11 sinc last month SE This has been going on too long.
hello sir, garbage wala nahi aaya ward 13 near the park for 2 days se
bhai dear mc, safai nahi ho rahi mulund since the rain se kachra uthao na When will this be fixed??
tbh dear mc, property mutation not done w-14 applied since last night ago Very disappointed with MC.
tbh commencement certificate not received w-12 despite approval Nobody is listening to us.
I mean hi, swm worker absent from w-8 behind the mall kaafi dino se
u see supply cut without notice ward 19 from 4 days When will this be fixed??
actually hi, drain blocked ward 24 in the bylane sewage overflowing on road Very disappointed with MC.
I mean Santacruz में कचरा गाड़ी महीने भर से से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है Very disappointed with MC.
Despite our previous complaints, raat KO construction chal raha tha Hadapsar bina permission STILL not resolved!!!
hello sir, supply cut without notice w-5 for 10 days
basically Dear MC, road condition pathetic wardd 48 multiple potholes sinc last night Kab tak wait karein???
I mean This is to inform you that entire footpath occupied by shop near the school W-13 over a fortnight
you know Dear mc, wadr 31 में near the school कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध
basically massive crater sized pothole near the temple wadr 14 since for the past week STILL not resolved!!!
bhai This is to inform you that sewage smell unbearable wardd no 11 from last tuesday kids cant go to school STILL not resolved!!!
I want to report that ward no 14 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye This is ridiculous!
sir Hi, illegal construction kurla in the bylane without permission
basically We the residents of ward no 2 want to say THAT ward no 2 mein death certifcate nahi mila PAST 2 weeks se URGENT hai Nobody is listening to us.
urgent complaint: bhai powai me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo Disgusting situation.
yaar koramangala में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for 10 days से लंबित है
u see garbage lying on road ward 17 kaafi dino se disease risk This has been going on too long.
Hello sir, ward 2 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi
builder started work at night shivaji nagar at the signal no permission कब होगा काम???
actually it's been past 2 weeks and still road broken badly chembur at the naka car tyres punctured 2 times Please take urgent action!!!
to whom it may concern, w-8 की सड़क की हालत खराब है महीने भर से से मरम्मत नहीं Very disappointed with MC.
tbh This is to inform YOU that drain choked Koramangala SINCE 3 days FOUL smell health hazard
hi, pipe leaking outside near the temple ward no 25 creating pothole also
yaar hello sir, building permission ke liye since monday wait kar raha hoon w-8 Please take urgent action!!!
Dustbin bhar gayi w-3 mein khali karo plz
illegal dump near the school Hadapsar flies mosquitoes everywhere This is ridiculous!
basically We the residents of ward no 27 want to say that ward no 27 mein paani ka pipe sine last month se leak ho raha hai
u see Respected officer, water has weird SMELL and colour WARD 44
yaar To whom it may concern, stinking garbage pile at the corner Dharavi dogs spreading it everywhere We are very tired of this.
sir Dear MC, machhar bahut hain W-2 for 5 days se spray kab karoge
u see Swm worker absent from vile parle at the naka since last night Nobody is listening to us.
Respected officer, mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward no 23 ka
basically Hello sir, aaj fir gira mai w-11 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche This is ridiculous!
u see We the residents of ward 28 want to say that baarish ke baad drain overflow ward 28 mein raod nahi dikh raha This is ridiculous!
basically Hi, online property tax payment failed amount ₹12000 deducted W-4 Disgusting situation.
u see To whom it may concern, unauthorized building wadr 6 pls stop STILL not resolved!!!
sir hi, new trade license not processed wardd no 14 from last tuesday
I want to report that light pole broken ward 42 dangerous live WIRE exposed When will this be fixed??
you know to whom it may concern, people dumping garbage in our colony w-3 very unhygienic Kab tak wait karein???
tbh it's been for the past week and still wardd no 13 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें Nobody is listening to us.
tbh Urgent complaint: wire LATKI hui hai near the market shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
hi, massive crater sized pothole opposite the hospital wrd 44 since since diwali This has been going on too long.
this is to inform you that mosquito breeding open drain w-5 health risk Very disappointed with MC.
actually Respected officer, PIPE leaking W-7 NEAR THE park road flooded Please take urgent action!!!
respected officer, no water since since yesterday in ward 37 when will tanker come Nobody is listening to us.
I mean correction needed birth certficate wadr no 26 wrong name spelled कब होगा काम???
basically i want to report that online property tax payment failed amount ₹25000 deducted ward no 8
u see I want TO report THAT manhole open HAI in our COLONY koi gir jayega PLEASE cover lagao
tbh respected officer, ward no 28 office mein plan submit kiya past 6 hours reply nahi STILL not resolved!!!
sir hello sir, supply cut without notice bandra west since morning
basically respected officer, building plan submitted santacruz over a fortnight no response Please take urgent action!!!
sir ward no 29 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili When will this be fixed??
basically water leakage at the main road wardd 14 huge wastage please fix
sir neighbor built extra floor without permission Powai Disgusting situation.
I want to report that illegal building ban raha hai koramangala mein rok do
bhai wrad 16 में व्यापार लाइसेंस for the past week से लंबित है STILL not resolved!!!
yaar Dear mc, road broken badly ward 49 near d-block car tyres punctured 2 times Nobody is listening to us.
It's been FOR 10 days AND still W-2 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली कब होगा काम???
yaar We the residents of Thane want to SAY that construction waste dumped ON road Thane by builder
basically dear mc, meri beti ko dengue hua ward no 5 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua कब होगा काम???
this is to inform you that ward 10 में स्ट्रीट लाइट for 2 days से बंद है रात में अंधेरा STILL not resolved!!!
tbh To whom it may concern, Karol Bagh office se birth certificate nahi mila since yesterday se Nobody is listening to us.
basically urgent cmplt: massive crater sized pothole at the junction kurla since since morning
u see W-6 में मच्छरों की समस्या for 10 days से है
sir main pipeline burst Chembur water gushing out from last tuesday When will this be fixed??
u see it's been since monday and still raat ko construction chal raha tha w-12 bina permission कब होगा काम???
i want to report that my scooter fell in pothole ward 28 at the naka i got hurt We are very tired of this.
actually dear mc, municipal tanker not coming to w-3 for 2 dyas
sir respected officer, dustbin overflowing w-1 nt emptied for 10 days This is ridiculous!
we the residents of ward 36 want to say that illegal construction ward 36 at the main road without permission STILL not resolved!!!
tbh Hello sir, all STREET lamps broken ward 8 COMPLETELY dark STILL not resolved!!!
yaar sewage smell unbearable ward no 19 since yesterday kids cant go to school
I mean hi, wadr 40 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र sine last night से नहीं मिला
tbh we the residents of ward no 9 want to say that we called the garbage number 3 times wrad no 9 no response
basically wadr no 15 में स्ट्रीट लाइट from last tuesday से बंद है रात में अंधेरा Disgusting situation.
Urgent complain: कचरेवाले को बुलाया Kurla में पर कोई नहीं आया Disgusting situation.
basically near the school laxmi nagar ka kuda uthao yaar for the past week se nahi utha Very disappointed with MC.
actually To whom it may concern, entire ward no 18 in darkness after 9pm since the monsoon This is ridiculous!
this is to inform you that builder ne maal at the main road bandra west rood pe daal diya hata do Nobody is listening to us.
We the RESIDENTS of ward 26 WANT to say that ward 26 में opposite the hospital के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक
basically this is to inform you that kurla में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं Please take urgent action!!!
actually despite our previous complaints, ward no 7 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
sir Dear MC, illegall CONSTRUCTION ward 16 behind the mall without permission
u see we the residents of govandi want to say that paani mein mitti aa rahi hai govandi colour bhi change hai Please take urgent action!!!
sir Hi, W-6 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें Very disappointed with MC.
like to whom it may concern, online payment fail ho gayi pimpri mein paise kat gaye
I mean tax notice aaya hai kurla ka lekin payment ho chuki STILL not resolved!!!
hello sir, naam galat likha hai certificate mein thane ka
bhai opposite the hospital w-15 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है We are very tired of this.
respected officer, mutation ka koi status nahi mila w-3 ka
yaar it's been since yesterday and still online payment fail ho gayi ward 14 mein paise kat gaye We are very tired of this.
you know hi, major pipe burst in the bylane wardd no 7 water wasting Disgusting situation.
actually to whom it may concern, new trade license not processed ward 18 for 5 days कब होगा काम???
respected officer, pothole near the market ward no 12 bike accident happened yesterday STILL not resolved!!!
tbh Hi, water pressure very low at the junction wadr 10 past 6 hours barely enough
URGENT complaint: W-13 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
to whom it may concern, vile parle में at the main road अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
yaar RESPECTED officer, paid property tax ward 49 but receipt not received Kab tak wait karein???
this is to inform you that tax notice came again even after paying pimpri STILL not resolved!!!
This is to inform you that nali choke ho gayi ward no 7 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha We are very tired of this.
actually Dear mc, it rained and entire road disappeared sion only pits left
tbh To whom it may concern, nahi aa rha paani ward 35 mein please koi to suno Kab tak wait karein???
basically it's been sine yesterday and still cylinder blast outside my house ward 36 need immediate help Nobody is listening to us.
Urgent complain: water looks muddy W-3 in our colony kaafi dino se Nobody is listening to us.
basically stray dogs not sterilized Wadala population increasing कब होगा काम???
tbh despite our previous complaints, raat ko constuction chal raha tha ward no 11 bina permission This is ridiculous!
It's been sine the rain and still dirty smelly water supply WRAD no 14 SINCE THE rain health RISK Kab tak wait karein???
actually paani ki bohot problem hai at plot no 45 mein ward no 20 ke andar This is ridiculous!
we the residents of ward no 19 want to say that need death certificate urgently ward no 19 for insurance
I mean respected officer, ward 24 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
basically It's BEEN SNCE LAST MONTH and still nullah blocked Mulund mosquito breeding happening Kab tak wait karein???
ward 37 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo Disgusting situation.
yaar नाली से बदबू w-10 में since last month से असहनीय हो गई है We are very tired of this.
u see bacche ka certificate nahi bana dharavi mein from 4 days lag gaye
tbh To whom it may concern, Chembur का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें This is ridiculous!
sir ward 47 at the corner nali band hai from 4 dyas se badbu aa rahi
actually to whom it may concern, illegal building ban raha hai ward 17 mein rok do Disgusting situation.
bhai to whom it may concern, wrong proerty tax assessment ward no 18 property
actually हमारे w-11 में for the past week से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
dear mc, applied for mutation sinc yesterday no update ward 17 Please take urgent action!!!
Urgent complaint: my scooter fell in pothole W-8 outside MY house i got hurt Nobody is listening to us.
Dear MC, khadda hai near the temple W-12 mein accident hua tha kal We are very tired of this.
actually this is to inform you that road full of potholes vikhroli since morning vehicles getting damaged When will this be fixed??
Despite our previous complaints, wrad no 19 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है
sir ward 25 में स्ट्रीट लाइट snce diwali से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
sir wator pressure very low near the market chembur for 5 days barely enough
Hi, street light toot gayi AT the corner ward 10 FROM last tuesday se This has been going on too long.
tbh wateer supply stopped ward 13 snce last night residents suffering badly This has been going on too long.
tbh waterlogging after rain ward 5 mosquito problem getting worse STILL not resolved!!!
tbh To whom it may concern, trade license ke liye over a fortnight se wait kar raha hoon ward 19 We are very tired of this.
actually हमारे vikhroli में from last tuesday से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
u see Hello sir, mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward no 8 Disgusting situation.
basically we the residents of ward 28 want to say that naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward 28 ka When will this be fixed??
yaar dear mc, ward no 11 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye
actually waterlogging after rain ward 24 mosquito problem getting worse STILL not resolved!!!
Urgent complaint: wrong property tax assessment ward 37 property Kab tak wait karein???
respected officer, illegal dump at the corner w-8 flies mosquitoes everywhere We are very tired of this.
entire footpath occupied by shop in our colony wrd no 2 since the monsoon Nobody is listening to us.
yaar I want to report that wrd 9 ki sadak me itne khadde hain KI raat ko dikh bhi nahi
hi, tax notice aaya hai ward 22 ka lekin payment ho chuki
I mean ward 22 mein mutation nahi hua since yesterday se apply kiya tha Kab tak wait karein???
sir It's been since 3 days and still ward no 10 में स्ट्रीट लाइट since 3 days से बंद है रात में अंधेरा कब होगा काम???
you know w-3 at the main roda nali band hai since 3 days se badbu aa rahi Nobody is listening to us.
basically to whom it may concern, toilet broken and stinking wrd 16 nobody cleaning Nobody is listening to us.
you know property mutation not done wadr 14 applied sine yesterday ago कब होगा काम???
bhai urgent complaint: dharavi में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
u see rood pe gadd hai at the signal ward NO 28 bike wale girte hain Nobody is listening to us.
w-10 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया When will this be fixed??
Wadala में स्ट्रीट लाइट 3 din se से बंद है रात में अंधेरा STILL not resolved!!!
you know dear mc, public toilet ward 10 very dirty not cleaned from last tuesday
bhai Ward no 28 में कचरा गाड़ी since the monsoon से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है When will this be fixed??
you know This is to inform you that construction waste dumped on road ward 3 by builder Disgusting situation.
yaar to whom it may concern, we called the garbage number 3 times w-13 no response Nobody is listening to us.
u see respected officer, cow sitting on main road w-3 traffic blocked
mulund में सार्वजनिक शौचालय since yesterday से साफ नहीं हुआ Disgusting situation.
u see Hello sir, opposite the hospital ward no 2 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko This is ridiculous!
This is to inform you that w-13 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र past 2 weeks से नहीं मिला STILL not resolved!!!
actually kachra nahi utha ward 25 mein since the rain se bahut badbu When will this be fixed??
water PIPE cracked ward no 12 at the junction road become muddy
actually Hello sir, water from tap Vikhroli yellow coloured not drinkable
i want to report that road full of potholes ward no 7 for 2 days vehicles getting damaged Kab tak wait karein???
urgent complain: need death certificate urgently wrad no 5 for insurance
w-15 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया STILL not resolved!!!
urgent complaint: need death certificate urgently ward no 26 for insurance Very disappointed with MC.
bhai it's been for 5 days and still street light not working wardd 4 near the market for 5 days very dark at night We are very tired of this.
tbh builder started work at night ward no 29 near station no permission Very disappointed with MC.
respected officer, cylinder blast at the junction wrad 30 need immediate help
you know my baby born for 2 days certificate still not ready wrad 5 कब होगा काम???
Hello sir, road tar came off for 2 day ward no 18 only stones left
we the residents of bandra west want to say that municipal tanker noot coming to bandra west 3 din se Disgusting situation.
bhai dear mc, public toilet wardd 3 very dirty not cleaned past 6 hours STILL not resolved!!!
I mean Urgent complaint: light pole broken powai dangerous live wire exposed When will this be fixed??
we the residents of ward no 9 want to say that cylinder blast hua outside my house ward no 9 mein emergency Kab tak wait karein???
Hi, pothole near sector 7 WRD no 24 BIKE accident happened yesterday
like it's been from last tuesday and still ward no 7 में नाली बंद है from last tuesday से सड़क पर गंदा पानी Nobody is listening to us.
I mean i want to report that gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward 49 traffic jam ho raha Disgusting situation.
To whom it may concern, नाली से बदबू malviya nagar में since monday से असहनीय हो गई है Kab tak wait karein???
Dear MC, tax notice came again even after paying W-1
I mean I want to report that ward 6 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain for the past week se bahut takleef This is ridiculous!
khadda hai near sector 7 w-3 mein accident hua tha kal This has been going on too long.
I mean Dear MC, commencement certificate not received W-15 despite approval When will this be fixed??
bacche ka certifcate nahi bana ward 37 mein since last month lag gaye
to whom it may concern, ward 49 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति since yesterday से लंबित है
bhai 3 people in my building got dengue wardd 14 please spray
like hi, building mein aag ward no 20 jaldi aao When will this be fixed??
This is to inform YOU that tax demand notice for ward 17 but PAYMENT done SINCE diwali ago When will this be fixed??
it's been for 5 days and still toilet band rehta hai w-2 mein kya fayda
you know hi, potholes on main road wrd 34 causing accidents past 6 hours We are very tired of this.
I mean i want to report that ward no 23 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
basically wrd no 14 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo Please take urgent action!!!
despite our previous complaints, wrong property tax assessment ward no 17 property STILL not resolved!!!
bhai Urgent complaint: गड्ढे की वजह से ward 21 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Kab tak wait karein???
tbh This is to inform you that stinking garbage pile opposite the hospital ward 10 dogs spreading it everywhere When will this be fixed??
dear mc, ward 21 में नामांतरण past 6 hours से लंबित है कब होगा This is ridiculous!
u see despite our previous complaints, khadda hai near sector 7 w-6 mein accident hua tha kal Please take urgent action!!!
Despite our previous complaints, huge potholes at plot no 45 w-18 very dangerous
respected officer, wter pipe cracked hadapsar near station road become muddy This is ridiculous!
like To whom it may concern, people dumping garbage behind the mall wardd no 10 very unhygienic STILL not resolved!!!
like dear mc, ward 24 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें We are very tired of this.
you know this is to inform you that wire latki hui hai at plot no 45 shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
bhai It's been since 3 days and still road dug up for construction NEVER repaired Matunga since 3 dayz
yaar It's been past 6 hours and still ward 36 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें Nobody is listening to us.
actually Despite our previous complaints, wardd no 22 mein paani band hai past 6 hours se log taras rahe hain Kab tak wait karein???
you know Urgent complaint: ward 27 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi This is ridiculous!
u see hi, 3 people in my building got dengue wardd 43 please spray Disgusting situation.
like To whom it may concern, trade license renewal pending past 6 hours shop ward no 12 When will this be fixed??
To whom it may concern, mosquito problem Santacruz near THE temple no fogging from 4 days Kab tak wait karein???
basically hello sir, raat ko construction chal raha tha wrad 31 bina permission When will this be fixed??
bhai building mein aag W-13 jaldi aao
we the residents of wardd no 12 want to say that wateer supply stopped ward no 12 since last month residents suffering badly Kab tak wait karein???
sir we the residents of wadr 34 want to say that my shop has no license because ward 34 office not responding We are very tired of this.
actually new trade LICENSE not processed ward no 13 since diwali
actually Urgent complaint: illegal building ban raha hai ward 25 mein rok do STILL not resolved!!!
tbh despite our previous complaints, ward no 16 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete When will this be fixed??
wrong property tax assessment ward 28 proprty
like It's been from 4 days and still AT THE naka ward 1 mein PAANI khada hai mosquito breeding
sir We the RESIDENTS of WRD 1 want to say that dustbin overflowing wadr 1 noot emptied snce the monsoon कब होगा काम???
like at the signal ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya Pimpri mein since the rain se When will this be fixed??
like this is to inform you that street light toot gayi near station ward 29 since yesterday se कब होगा काम???
yaar this is to inform you that w-2 near the school में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं We are very tired of this.
kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward 17 me from 4 days se
sir respected officer, road condition pathetic w-9 multiple potholes over a fortnight
actually It's been since last night and still proerty tax portal down cannot pay w-18
sir dear mc, ward no 29 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for 5 days से लंबित है When will this be fixed??
respected officer, mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani w-14 This has been going on too long.
you know TO whom it may concern, fire at building wrad 46 NEAR the temple pleese SEND fire engine Very disappointed with MC.
like open manhole in OUR COLONY wrd 46 very dangerous especially at night
basically laxmi nagar में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें This is ridiculous!
like construction without plan approval w-13 STILL not resolved!!!
dear mc, machhar bahut hain wrad 14 since last month se spray kab karoge This is ridiculous!
u see no response to building permission application W-15 since the rain Disgusting situation.
like paid property tax dharavi but receipt not received
u see 3 people in my building got dengue ward 25 pleese spray
actually this is to inform you that raat ko construction chal raha tha karol bagh bina permission
sir it's been past 2 weeks and still wadala mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Disgusting situation.
basically this is to inform you that w-3 में near the temple पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
toilet always locked malviya nagar near d-block useless facility
sir it's been from last tuesday and still ward 39 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Very disappointed with MC.
like ward no 16 office mein plan submit kiya for 10 days reply nahi
khadda hai opposite the hospital wadr 45 mein accident hua tha kal Nobody is listening to us.
u see It's been since the monsoon and still ward no 13 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति since the monsoon से बाधित है Disgusting situation.
Respected officer, daily water supply disrupted wrd no 3 past for 5 days pipeline blocked maybe
you know To whom it may concern, tax notice aaya hai Vikhroli ka lekin payment ho chuki कब होगा काम???
bhai paid ₹12000 property tax but still showing dues ward no 6 Disgusting situation.
this is to inform you that dustbin overflowing w-11 nt emptied from last tuesday This is ridiculous!
we the residents of wardd no 19 want to say that maa ka certificate chahiye ward no 19 office se 3 din se ho gaye
kab aayega paani ward no 16 mein itna wait kar rahe hain Very disappointed with MC.
like hi, cylinder blast outside my house w-9 need immediate help
tbh stray cattle blocking road ward 30 since the rain Kab tak wait karein???
tbh dear mc, big wter leak ward 13 for the past week nobody coming to fix कब होगा काम???
actually Despite our previous complaints, wrd 31 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Please take urgent action!!!
bhai Despite our previous complaints, कचरेवाले को बुलाया Kurla में पर कोई नहीं आया STILL not resolved!!!
we the residents of wrd no 7 want to say that my shop has no license because wardd no 7 office not responding
like garbage truck not coming wrad no 11 for 5 days STILL not resolved!!!
Dear MC, my baby born since diwali certificate still not ready ward 3
my area ward no 8 has nt seen garbage van since kaafi dino se
applied BIRTH cert W-7 since monday back no movement Please take urgent action!!!
malviya nagar में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
we the residents of kurla want to say that kurla ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Disgusting situation.
yaar Hi, dirty smelly wator supply wrd 17 3 din se health risk This is ridiculous!
entire vile parle in darkness after 9pm kaafi dino se कब होगा काम???
Hi, safai nahi ho rahi wrad no 7 for 5 days se kachra uthao na
death certificate not issued sion office since 3 dayz कब होगा काम???
you know it's been 3 din se and still paid ₹25000 property tax but still showing dues ward 7 We are very tired of this.
yaar Hello sir, 3 people in my building got dengue wrad no 17 please spray
hello sir, ward 10 में near the school कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध We are very tired of this.
u see Urgent complaint: wire latki hui hai outside my house shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
yaar dear mc, wrong proprty tax assessment wardd no 20 propety Very disappointed with MC.
I mean cow sitting on main road WRAD 22 traffic blocked
basically it's been since yesterday and still pack of dogs chasing people santacruz very scary Very disappointed with MC.
yaar online property tax payment failed amount ₹25000 deducted ward 8 Very disappointed with MC.
like respected officer, applied for mutation since last month no update ward 42
Hi, ward 25 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for the past week से लंबित है Very disappointed with MC.
Dear MC, outside my house wadr 27 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko Disgusting situation.
sir i want to report that all street lamps broken ward 45 completely dark Very disappointed with MC.
we the residents of karol bagh want to say that road broken badly karol bagh near the park car tyres punctured 2 times Please take urgent action!!!
you know it's been since the monsoon and still garbaje truck not coming w-1 since the monsoon When will this be fixed??
yaar kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko w-16 mein urgent karo Very disappointed with MC.
u see hello sir, birth certificate not received wadr no 17 office for 5 days This has been going on too long.
u see This is TO inform you that machhar BAHUT hain Chembur since 3 days SE spray kab karoge
Urgent complaint: kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward 2 mein urgent karo STILL not resolved!!!
sir I want to report that malaria fear ward no 8 drain not CLEANED sinc diwali
like This is to inform you that open manhole outside my house wrad no 13 very dangerous especially at night
sir this is to inform you that गड्ढे की वजह से wrad 14 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा This is ridiculous!
bhai urgnt complain: stray dogs not sterilized Vikhroli population increasing This has been going on too long.
basically urgent cmplt: गड्ढे की वजह से ward 27 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा We are very tired of this.
urgnt complaint: mutation ka koi status nahi mila w-10 ka
Dear mc, birth certificate not received ward no 27 office since 3 days Kab tak wait karein???
tbh we the residents of ward no 3 want to say that tax notice aaya hai ward no 3 ka lekin payment ho chuki Nobody is listening to us.
I mean open manhole near the temple ward 17 very dangerous especially at night Nobody is listening to us.
tap is dry Laxmi Nagar for the past week please check the pipeline
dear mc, dengue cases increasing w-13 stagnant wator noot removed
you know It's been kaafi dino se and still daily water supply disrupted W-12 PAST kaafi dino se pipeline blocked maybe
like W-4 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye STILL not resolved!!!
u see it's been kaafi dino se and still waterlogging after rain ward no 25 mosquito problem getting worse
tbh we the residents of wadr 20 want to say that ward 20 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें Disgusting situation.
u see respected officer, ward no 29 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi STILL not resolved!!!
hello sir, online proprty tax payment failed amount some amount deducted ward 39 Please take urgent action!!!
hello sir, hadapsar near station में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं When will this be fixed??
basically It's been for 5 days and still property tax portal down cannot pay Shivaji Nagar Kab tak wait karein???
basically my baby born past 2 weeks certificate still not ready w-9
actually Hi, nullah blocked ward 5 mosquito BREEDING happening
like We the residents of Kurla want to say that Kurla में स्ट्रीट लाइट since last month से बंद है रात में अंधेरा Disgusting situation.
sir pipe toot gayi behind the mall ward 43 ke paas jaldi aao When will this be fixed??
I WANT to report that property MUTATION not done ward 9 applied from 4 days ago Nobody is listening to us.
tax demand notice for Powai but payment done 1 hafte se ago This is ridiculous!
Hello sir, brown water coming ward 26 children getting sick
basically this is to inform you that massive crater sized pothole near sector 7 w-16 since over a fortnight STILL not resolved!!!
actually We the residents of malviya nagar want to say that drainage overflow during rain malviya nagar flooding streets This has been going on too long.
like This is to inform you that ward 36 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
we the residents of ward no 12 want to say that building mein aag ward no 12 jaldi aao Nobody is listening to us.
basically ward 3 mein paani BAND hai sinc 3 DAYS se log TARAS rahe HAIN
many stray dogs wadr no 14 at the corner biting residents
sir This is to inform you that nali choke ho gayi ward no 16 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha This is ridiculous!
hi, toilet always locked malviya nagar near sector 7 useless facility We are very tired of this.
sir IT'S been FOR 2 days AND still naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward 4 ka This is ridiculous!
bhai Dear mc, water not coming from tap in our colony ward no 25
tbh entire footpath occupied by shop in our colony ward no 22 for 10 dyas
basically no wator sine for 2 days in ward 2 when will tanker come When will this be fixed??
actually गड्ढे की वजह से ward no 20 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Disgusting situation.
it's been past 2 weeks and still new trade license not processed koramangala past 2 weeks
Street light wire hanging loose in the bylane ward 16 shock risk कब होगा काम???
like this is to inform you that construction waste dumped on road indiranagar by builder
hello sir, my building near the market wardd no 18 has no water from past 6 hours what to do
bhai this is to inform you that illegal construction ward 40 outside my house without permission
basically I want to REPORT that huge potholes near the park wrd 23 very DANGEROUS
yaar It's been for the past week and still paid property tax wrad no 12 but receipt not received Kab tak wait karein???
we the residents of w-1 want to say that gutter overflow w-1 people walking in waste water
basically dustbin OVERFLOWING wardd 33 not EMPTIED since the rain Very disappointed with MC.
tbh i want to report that potholes on main road ward 49 causing accidents for 5 days Kab tak wait karein???
basically i want to report that koramangala में मच्छरों की समस्या snce monday से है When will this be fixed??
I mean Despite our previous complaints, illegal dump at plot no 45 W-18 flies mosquitoes everywhere Please take urgent action!!!
yaar w-10 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain from last tuesday se bahut takleef We are very tired of this.
Despite our previous CMPLTS, major pipe burst NEAR the market ward no 7 water wasting STILL not resolved!!!
गड्ढे की वजह से w-5 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
actually to whom it may concern, ward 5 mein death certficate nahi mila since the monsoon se urgent hai
bhai we the residents of chembur want to say that no wateer in chembur past 6 hours Nobody is listening to us.
we the residents of ward no 24 want to say that ward no 24 में नामांतरण for 5 dayz से लंबित है कब होगा This is ridiculous!
i want to report that entire ward no 25 in darkness after 9pm for the past week
yaar despite our previous complains, ₹25000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai wadala We are very tired of this.
yaar Dog attack ward 20 at the naka child got bitten please help This has been going on too long.
actually URGENT cmplt: Bandra West ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
bhai DESPITE our previous cmplts, water nt coming from tap at THE signal ward no 2 कब होगा काम???
this is to inform you that water filter getting choked daily ward 19 wator very bad quality Very disappointed with MC.
we the residents of w-8 want to say that paid ₹8500 property tax but still showing dues w-8 STILL not resolved!!!
sir hi, roaad pe gadd hai at the corner ward no 16 bike wale girte hain When will this be fixed??
tbh Urgent complaint: huge POTHOLES near station wrd 14 very DANGEROUS Nobody is listening to us.
Respected officer, pipe leaking outside at the main road W-15 creating pothole also Disgusting situation.
u see urgent complaint: 1 lgiht working out of 10 in w-7 rest all dead Kab tak wait karein???
I mean respected officer, dengue cases increasing w-19 stagnant wateer noot removed
u see Footpath pe encroachment hai at the corner wrd 27 mein
hello sir, bhari water leakage at plot no 45 sadak bhar gayi कब होगा काम???
bhai Urgent complaint: big water leak ward no 13 since 3 days nobody coming to fix We are very tired of this.
I mean This is to inform you that Dharavi mein ligh nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai Nobody is listening to us.
respected officer, daily water supply disrupted chembur past since last night pipeline blocked maybe Please take urgent action!!!
It's been महीने भर से and still stinking garbage pile IN the lane ward no 25 dogs SPREADING it everywhere
actually Hello sir, many stray dogs ward NO 11 near D-block biting residents
bhai online property tax payment failed amount some amount deducted w-18
u see massive crater sized pothole near the temple ward no 14 since past 6 hours
to whom it may concern, कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 44 में पर कोई नहीं आया STILL not resolved!!!
W-1 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें This has been going on too long.
yaar URGENT COMPLAINT: water not coming from tap outside my house W-19 This is ridiculous!
like to whom it may concern, mosquito breeding open drain chembur health risk कब होगा काम???
like swm worker absent from ward 14 behind the mall from 4 days Please take urgent action!!!
u see Hello sir, safai nahi ho rahi wadr 8 for 10 days se kachra uthao na Nobody is listening to us.
despite our previous complaints, ward 36 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें STILL not resolved!!!
tbh hi, कचरेवाले को बुलाया powai में पर कोई नहीं आया
Urgent complaint: it rained and entire road disappeared wadr no 8 only pits left
to whom it may concern, malviya nagar में for 2 days से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Nobody is listening to us.
you know hi, ward no 6 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua since last month se कब होगा काम???
Hello sir, people dumping garbage outside my HOUSE ward 40 very unhygienic Please take urgent action!!!
sir TO WHOM it may concern, W-8 में IN OUR colony पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है Disgusting situation.
i want to report that building permission ke liye since last month wait kar raha hoon w-10
Dear MC, toilet broken and stinking W-6 nobody cleaning
respected officer, paani ki problem hai ward 2 mein since last month se nala band hogaya
like We the residents of Govandi want to say that light pole broken Govandi dangerous live wire exposed Disgusting situation.
u see people dumping garbage near the school hadapsar very unhygienic We are very tired of this.
like dear mc, trade license ke liye since last night se wait kar raha hoon ward 30
W-14 OFFICE se birth certificate nahi mila since morning SE
u see hello sir, pipe toot gayi in our colony wrd 10 ke paas jaldi aao Very disappointed with MC.
stray cattle blocking road wrd 31 from last tuesday
sir it's been snce yesterday and still mutation ka koi status nahi mila indiranagar ka कब होगा काम???
bhai hi, building permission ke liye since yesterday wait kar raha hoon mulund Nobody is listening to us.
you know i want to report that dustbin bhar gayi ward 30 mein khali karo plz Nobody is listening to us.
actually It's been from 4 days and still water pipe cracked Govandi opposite the hospital road become muddy This is ridiculous!
IT'S been FOR THE past week and still my baby born FOR the past week certificate still noot ready ward 39 कब होगा काम???
Despite our previous complaints, many stray dogs wardd 8 in front of my building biting residents Disgusting situation.
Despite our previous complaints, brown wter coming Hadapsar children getting sick
u see urgent complaint: w-18 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र past 6 hours से नहीं मिला STILL not resolved!!!
It's BEEN sinc last night and still gaaye sadak pe KHADI HAIN wrad no 12 TRAFFIC jam HO raha This has been going on too long.
like This is to inform you that wadr 21 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक Disgusting situation.
sir WE the residents of Santacruz want to say that STREET light not working SANTACRUZ behind the mall since last month very dark at night Very disappointed with MC.
Hello sir, paani nahi aa raha ward 13 mein महीने भर से se Disgusting situation.
I mean Hi, my baby born for 2 days certficate still not ready kurla Kab tak wait karein???
birth certificate not received ward 28 office since yesterday
yaar this is to inform you that bandra west की सड़क की हालत खराब है महीने भर से से मरम्मत नहीं Disgusting situation.
yaar this is to inform you that ward 31 में near the park पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
I mean we the residents of ward 46 want to say that ward 46 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
sir we the residents of wadr no 2 want to say that garbge collector takes money still not collecting wardd no 2 Very disappointed with MC.
yaar to whom it may concern, entire laxmi nagar in darkness after 9pm past 2 weeks Nobody is listening to us.
dear mc, ward no 18 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है Kab tak wait karein???
sir despite our previous cmplts, cylinder blast hua outside my house wrad 8 mein emergency Kab tak wait karein???
yaar Hello sir, unauthorized building ward no 26 pleese stop
u see ilegal dump near sector 7 chembur flies mosquitoes everywhere
basically Ward 39 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है 3 din se से
actually to whom it may concern, public toilet pimpri very dirty not cleaned for 10 dayz
basically We the residents of W-19 WANT to say that builder ne maal in our COLONY W-19 road pe DAAL diya hata do This is ridiculous!
you know Hello sir, कचरेवाले को बुलाया Indiranagar में पर कोई नहीं आया
urgent complaint: ROOD repair karo Vile PARLE mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar Nobody is listening to us.
ward 17 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति since 3 days से लंबित है
To whom it may concern, potholes on main road ward 15 causing accidents past 6 hours
hello sir, pipe phoot gayi ward no 15 near the park mein paani beh raha hai We are very tired of this.
urgent complaint: building mein aag wrd no 6 jaldi aao Nobody is listening to us.
actually hello sir, vikhroli में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
urgent complaint: pipe leaking outside near station bandra west creating pothole also
you know bhari water leakage outside my house sadak bhar gayi
yaar despite our previous complaints, vikhroli में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है We are very tired of this.
mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward 42 ka When will this be fixed??
like we the residents of ward no 4 want to say that हमारे ward no 4 में sinc diwali से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे Very disappointed with MC.
bhai this is to inform you that supply cut without notice ward 4 since last month When will this be fixed??
actually hi, vikhroli की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया कब होगा काम???
actually This is to inform you that building plan submitted Shivaji Nagar past 6 hours no response कब होगा काम???
I mean Urgent complaint: light pole broken ward 29 dangerous live wire exposed कब होगा काम???
bhai near the market ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya w-10 mein for the past week se We are very tired of this.
actually This is to inform you that public toilet wardd no 26 very dirty not cleaned since the rain Disgusting situation.
I mean Dear MC, huge potholes near sector 7 ward 34 very dangerous
To whom it may concern, grabage not collected ward 23 1 hafte se unbearable smell Kab tak wait karein???
you know I want to report that Powai में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
ward no 14 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
basically chembur में सार्वजनिक शौचालय for 10 days से साफ नहीं हुआ
urgent complaint: my shop has no license because Vikhroli office not responding This has been going on too long.
bhai to whom it may concern, wrd 13 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं Nobody is listening to us.
bhai ward no 22 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है for 5 days से We are very tired of this.
I mean I want to report that my scooter fell in pothole ward 18 at the junction i got hurt
actually respected officer, encroachment on footpath in our colony mulund pedestrians cant walk Nobody is listening to us.
dear mc, paid ₹3500 property tax but still showing dues borivali STILL not resolved!!!
actually Urgent complaint: behind the mall Andheri East में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है This is ridiculous!
yaar it's been महीने भर से and still cow sitting on main road ward no 28 traffic blocked Kab tak wait karein???
tbh cylinder blast hua in the lane ward 24 mein emergency
like kurla mein paani band hai for 10 days se log taras rahe hain
I mean urgent complaint: street light toot gayi at the junction w-13 since the rain se When will this be fixed??
despite our previous complaints, garbage lying on road wrad 39 since the rain disease risk Disgusting situation.
yaar dear mc, machhar bahut hain ward 27 kaafi dino se se spray kab karoge When will this be fixed??
bhai urgnt cmplt: swm worker absent from ward no 11 near the school for 5 days
urgent complaint: w-5 mein mutation nahi hua 3 din se se apply kiya tha
dear mc, ward no 18 office se birth certificate nahi mila since morning se
bhai ward 27 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi Nobody is listening to us.
sir water filter getting choked daily wrad no 22 water very bad quality This has been going on too long.
To whom it may concern, in the lane ward 30 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
basically ward no 17 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
u see I want to report that ward 34 at the corner mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi STILL not resolved!!!
like we the residents of w-14 want to say that w-14 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Please take urgent action!!!
bhai hi, dustbin overflowing ward 40 not emptied past 2 weeks
u see Bhai ward no 1 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo This is ridiculous!
sir water has weird smell and colour ward no 24 Disgusting situation.
sir this is to inform you that wrd 49 in front of my building में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
urgent complaint: tax demand notice for ward 10 but payment done since diwali ago
actually kab aayega paani mulund mein itna wait kar rahe hain Nobody is listening to us.
near D-block ka footpath dukan ne gheer LIYA W-12 mein since diwali se This has been going on too long.
sir urgent complaint: ward 47 near the park bina permission construction ho raha hai STILL not resolved!!!
dog attack andheri east at the main raod child got bitten please help
hi, water has weird smell and colour bandra west
you know This is to inform you that ward 17 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Very disappointed with MC.
I mean This is to inform you that at the main road ward 39 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
like w-4 near the temple bina permission construction ho raha hai When will this be fixed??
Hello sir, swm worker absent from ward 4 in front of my building since morning
tbh it's been for 2 days and still building permission ke liye for 2 days wait kar raha hoon ward 29 This has been going on too long.
you know despite our previous complaints, unauthorized building ward 47 pls stop This is ridiculous!
like It's been since the rain and still tap is dry wardd 19 since the rain please check the pipeline Please take urgent action!!!
tbh Hello sir, हमारे ward 27 में since yesterday से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
you know This is to INFORM you that PACK of dogs chasing people ward 17 VERY scary कब होगा काम???
bhai wrad 6 में मच्छरों की समस्या since the monsoon से है This is ridiculous!
actually hello sir, entire footpath occupied by shop behind the mall ward 40 for the past week कब होगा काम???
I mean need death certificate URGENTLY ward 1 for insurance Very disappointed with MC.
basically This is to inform you that illegal construction ward no 26 near sector 7 without permission
you know ward 6 में नाली बंद है for 2 days से सड़क पर गंदा पानी Please take urgent action!!!
actually to whom it may concern, hadapsar में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए When will this be fixed??
actually to whom it may concern, no streetlight ward 27 at plot no 45 theft increasing Nobody is listening to us.
sir dear mc, ward 48 office se birth certiifcate nahi mila महीने भर से se
actually raat ko costrution chal raha tha ward 30 bina permission
mosquito problem wrd no 18 near the school no fogging since the monsoon This is ridiculous!
u see Respected officer, grabage wala nahi aaya W-1 in the lane sinc yesterday se Disgusting situation.
tbh this is to inform you that rood broken badly ward 29 near the market car tyres punctured 2 times
ward NO 8 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua from 4 days se कब होगा काम???
Despite our previous complains, trade license renewal pending past 2 weeks shop ward no 2
yaar i want to report that road condition pathetic vile parle multiple potholes snce last month
Hi, pack of dogs chasing people Bandra West very scary Disgusting situation.
it's been for 2 dayz and still wardd 45 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं When will this be fixed??
it rained and entire road disappeared W-4 only pits left STILL not resolved!!!
tbh Urgent complain: manhole cover missing near station wrad no 29 someone will fall Very disappointed with MC.
bhai respected officer, ward 12 में व्यापार लाइसेंस 3 din se से लंबित है
we the residents of ward 16 want to say that behind the mall ward 16 ka kuda uthao yaar since diwali se nahi utha When will this be fixed??
respected officer, pack of dogs chasing people karol bagh very scary This has been going on too long.
sir dear mc, tax demand notice for ward 16 but payment done 3 din se ago This has been going on too long.
RESPECTED officer, ward 39 में past 2 weeks से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Disgusting situation.
3 people in my building got dengue ward no 3 plese spray This is ridiculous!
basically bhai w-6 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo Kab tak wait karein???
like it's been since last month and still pipe toot gayi at the main raod ward no 14 ke paas jaldi aao Very disappointed with MC.
it's been since monday and still ward 12 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
This is to inform you that no water in ward 27 snce last night This has been going on too long.
tbh despite our previous complaints, ward 3 में नामांतरण for 10 dayz से लंबित है कब होगा This is ridiculous!
To whom it may concern, dustbin bhar gayi ward no 10 mein khali karo plz STILL not resolved!!!
I mean I want to report that garbage wala nahi AAYA ward 16 at the SIGNAL महीने भर से se कब होगा काम???
hello sir, ward 28 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली When will this be fixed??
you know i want to report that ward 21 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi
tbh Hi, कचरेवाले को बुलाया koramangala में पर कोई नहीं आया We are very tired of this.
like Urgent complaint: supply cut without notice w-3 snce the monsoon कब होगा काम???
u see Wadala mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe
urgent complain: dog attack wrad no 21 opposite the hospital child got bitten please help Kab tak wait karein???
basically It's BEEN from 4 dyas and STILL municipal tanker not coming to wardd no 6 from 4 days
Despite our previous complaints, matunga में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Disgusting situation.
machhar bahut hain ward 47 since 3 days se spray kab karoge This has been going on too long.
yaar it's been since last night and still ward 12 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र since last night से नहीं मिला
hi, mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward 13 ka
yaar i want to report that matunga mein paani ka pipe since last month se leak ho raha hai Disgusting situation.
sir HI, baarish ke baad drain overflow W-12 mein road nahi dikh raha Please take urgent action!!!
IT'S been from last tuesday and still ward 26 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Nobody is listening to us.
this is to inform you that road pe gadd hai at the corner ward 31 bike wale girte hain We are very tired of this.
you know W-11 AT the naka mein log KACHRA FEK rahe hain gandagi कब होगा काम???
bhai Hello sir, paani ki problem hai W-10 mein for 5 dyas se nala band hogaya
you know ward 7 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं Very disappointed with MC.
Despite our PREVIOUS complains, W-12 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for 5 days से लंबित है Please take urgent action!!!
yaar To WHOM it may CONCERN, garbage lying on road ward no 28 महीने भर से disease risk Disgusting situation.
Karol Bagh में नाली बंद है over a FORTNIGHT से सड़क पर गंदा पानी When will this be fixed??
like we the residents of ward 27 want to say that पड़ोसी ने ward 27 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली STILL not resolved!!!
you know hi, ward no 9 mein death certificate nahi mila since the monsoon se urgent hai
bhai garbage truck not coming w-3 past 2 weeks Very disappointed with MC.
sir paid proprty tax ward no 10 but receipt not received
bhai urgent complaint: wrd 19 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है past 2 weeks से Kab tak wait karein???
to whom it may concern, property mutation not done w-7 applied over a fortnight ago
tbh despite our previous cmplts, wrd 11 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया STILL not resolved!!!
I mean ward 11 में in front OF my building पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है Nobody is listening to us.
urgent complaint: death certificate noot issued ward 27 office for the past week Kab tak wait karein???
sir urgent complaint: ward no 1 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं Very disappointed with MC.
actually To whom it may concern, W-16 near the school nali band hai sinc the monsoon se badbu aa rahi Nobody is listening to us.
We THE residents of wrd NO 11 want to say that mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward no 11 ka This is ridiculous!
I want to report that we r not getting water ward no 27 4 since last night wat is HAPPENING
u see i want to report that ward 19 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye Please take urgent action!!!
basically we the residents of wrd no 22 want to say that wrad no 22 mein mutation nahi hua 3 din se se apply kiya tha
like Despite our previous complaints, wrad 32 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
this is to inform you that applied birth cert wrad 20 since diwali back no movement
you know this is to inform you that applied birth cert ward no 5 for the past week back no movement
you know i want to report that commencement certificate not received govandi despite approval कब होगा काम???
wadr 43 in the lane bina permission construction ho raha hai
u see hello sir, illegal dump near the school ward 42 flies mosquitoes everywhere Disgusting situation.
hello sir, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward no 3 colour bhi change hai This has been going on too long.
We the residents of ward 20 WANT to say that ward 20 ki ROAD bilkul kharab hai kab banoge कब होगा काम???
I mean paid proerty tax wadr 4 but receipt not received Very disappointed with MC.
u see Hello sir, watr filter getting choked daily ward 49 water very bad quality STILL not resolved!!!
like tax demand notice for w-18 but payment done over a fortnight ago
wadr no 7 mein death certificate nahi mila for 2 days se urgent hai
u see urgent complaint: ward no 3 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
tbh this is to inform you that machhar bahut hain ward 44 snce the monsoon se spray kab karoge This is ridiculous!
basically ward no 2 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Very disappointed with MC.
u see it's been since last month and still at the naka ward no 18 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko कब होगा काम???
sir respected officer, no response to building permission application wrad no 17 for the past week
I want to report that wire latki hui hai near the market shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
I mean machhar bahut hain ward 13 since monday se spray kab karoge This is ridiculous!
like ward 5 में near the park पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है Nobody is listening to us.
you know I WANT to report THAT Wadala mein paani band hai FOR 2 days se log taras rahe HAIN
wrd 44 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge When will this be fixed??
basically Hi, registered birth since 3 day BUT certificate not issued Dharavi This is ridiculous!
basically IT rained AND entire road disappeared WRD 15 only pits left Nobody is listening to us.
dear mc, wrad no 6 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua snce the monsoon se Please take urgent action!!!
Hi, BIRTH certificate nto received ward 1 office since morning
like Applied trade license since the monsoon ago dharavi still waiting This is ridiculous!
yaar ward no 13 office se birth certificate nahi mila kaafi dino se se Very disappointed with MC.
I mean despite our previous complaints, raod dug up for construction never repaired ward 2 for 10 dayz Very disappointed with MC.
unauthorized building ward 23 please stop When will this be fixed??
Hello sir, death certificate not issued wardd NO 26 OFFICE 1 hafte se
you know i want to report that garbage not collected ward 28 since 3 days unbearable smell
basically This IS to INFORM YOU that construction waste DUMPED on road WARDD 44 BY builder
basically ward 48 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua sinc the rain se We are very tired of this.
basically ward no 3 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Kab tak wait karein???
like despite our previous complaints, fire noc required ward 14 not getting it When will this be fixed??
tbh Dear MC, illegal constuction wrad no 8 at the junction without permission We are very tired of this.
tbh toilet band rehta hai ward 41 mein kya fayda कब होगा काम???
u see i want to report that death certificate not issued ward no 22 office for 2 days STILL not resolved!!!
I mean thane में कचरा गाड़ी kaafi dino se से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
stray dogs nt sterilized ward 4 population increasing
sir It's been since the RAIN and STILL ward 48 near the PARK में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
actually hello sir, कचरेवाले को बुलाया wrd no 11 में पर कोई नहीं आया Very disappointed with MC.
hello sir, wardd 43 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र 3 din se से नहीं मिला
I mean main pipeline burst Shivaji Nagar water gushing out past 2 weeks
actually Hello sir, wardd 38 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया This is ridiculous!
I mean dear mc, water supply stopped ward no 23 snce 3 days residents suffering badly Kab tak wait karein???
respected officer, swm worker absent from ward 3 in front of my building sinc last month Disgusting situation.
Despite our previous complaints, entire wardd 26 in darkness after 9pm 3 din se When will this be fixed??
like urgent complaint: main pipeline burst ward 24 wter gushing out kaafi dino se
to whom it may concern, ward 26 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua from last tuesday se This is ridiculous!
it's been from 4 day and still applied trade license from 4 days ago wadr no 7 still waiting Disgusting situation.
tbh w-17 में since monday से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Very disappointed with MC.
actually Despite our previous complaints, ward 12 office mein plan submit kiya kaafi dino se reply nahi We are very tired of this.
This is to inform you that rood tar came off महीने भर से ward no 23 only stones left Kab tak wait karein???
u see urgent complaint: birth certficate not received ward 39 office since morning
like bandra west की सड़क की हालत खराब है over a fortnight से मरम्मत नहीं STILL not resolved!!!
you know i want to report that aaj bhi karol bagh mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
to whom it may concern, municipal tanker not coming to wardd no 25 for 10 day This has been going on too long.
like safai nahi ho rahi ward 29 3 din se se kachra uthao na
sir i want to report that manhole cover missing at the naka wadala someone will fall
I want to REPORT that many stray dogs wrd 44 near sector 7 BITING residents
Hello sir, malaria fear ward no 28 drain not cleaned since morning This is ridiculous!
sir It's been since morning AND still we called the garbage number 3 times ward no 2 no response Kab tak wait karein???
tbh dear mc, cow sitting on main road thane traffic blocked
actually dear mc, maa ka certificate chahiye ward 19 office se from last tuesday ho gaye Very disappointed with MC.
tbh Hello sir, new trade license nto processed sion since last night Very disappointed with MC.
bhai gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward 39 traffic jam ho raha When will this be fixed??
basically TO whom it may concern, paani nahi aa raha Laxmi Nagar mein snce the monsoon SE We are very tired of this.
tap is dry wrd 13 past 6 hours please check the pipeline Very disappointed with MC.
like to whom it may concern, ward 48 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi Nobody is listening to us.
u see To whom it may concern, kal kutte ne KAATA EK bacche ko wrad 17 mein URGENT karo This is ridiculous!
tbh hello sir, applied birth cert w-18 3 din se back no movement Disgusting situation.
u see Hi, safai nahi HO rahi wadr no 25 snce diwali SE kachra uthao NA
basically ward no 15 में कचरा गाड़ी 1 hafte se से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
It's been since 3 days and still ward no 5 ki sadak me itne khadde hain KI raat ko dikh bhi nahi कब होगा काम???
u see urgent complaint: entire footpath occupied by shop at the signal ward 36 sinc diwali Kab tak wait karein???
urgent complaint: small fire ward 34 near sector 7 before it spreads please come Kab tak wait karein???
actually it's been since diwali and still we called the garbage number 3 times ward no 5 no response
you know ward 23 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है Kab tak wait karein???
like respected officer, fire noc required ward 38 not getting it Disgusting situation.
despite our previous complaints, ward no 23 में snce monday से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय STILL not resolved!!!
like Despite our previous complaints, गड्ढे की वजह से Koramangala में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा This has been going on too long.
actually urgent complaint: we called the garbaje number 3 times ward 17 no response
basically WE the residents of W-19 want TO say that no wateer in W-19 since last month
u see applied trade license since monday ago w-5 still waiting When will this be fixed??
my SHOP has NO license because WARD 35 office NOT responding Disgusting situation.
actually It's been since diwali and still need death certificate urgently WADR no 20 for insurance
basically mom ko heart problem HAI isliye urgent chahiye paani ward 47 Kab tak wait karein???
bhai it's been from 4 days and still bhai ward 20 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
bhai Hello sir, हमारे W-19 में over a fortnight से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे We are very tired of this.
I mean It's been PAST 6 hours and still waste not picked WRAD no 20 near the park past 6 hours piling up on roda Please take urgent action!!!
actually respected officer, no wter since since the monsoon in wrad no 21 when will tanker come Kab tak wait karein???
actually urgent complaint: all street lamps broken vikhroli completely dark This has been going on too long.
yaar W-10 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं Disgusting situation.
u see hello sir, wrd no 20 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
massive crater sized pothole at plot no 45 w-1 since for 5 days
tbh This is to inform you that naam galat likha hai certificate mein W-14 KA
I mean water leakage near the park shivaji nagar huge wastage pls fix We are very tired of this.
yaar We the residents of ward 44 want to say that dustbin overflowing wrd 44 not emptied for 10 dyas Kab tak wait karein???
Hi, COW sitting on main road Laxmi Nagar traffic blocked Disgusting situation.
this is to inform you that water looks muddy ward 22 outside my house since diwali This has been going on too long.
We the residents of wardd no 1 want to say that people dumping garbage in our colony wrd no 1 very unhygienic कब होगा काम???
tbh this is to inform you that ward 30 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Nobody is listening to us.
you know This is to inform you that Dharavi में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
sir dear mc, nali choke ho gayi andheri east ganda paani sadak pe aa raha This has been going on too long.
actually Respected officer, ward 1 में व्यापार लाइसेंस past 6 hours से लंबित है Kab tak wait karein???
bhai hello sir, w-5 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
you know URGENT complaint: garbage wala nahi aaya Chembur behind the mall 3 din se SE
dear mc, potholes on main road w-4 causing accidents since the monsoon कब होगा काम???
we the residents of ward 42 want to say that wrad 42 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय since diwali से साफ नहीं हुआ कब होगा काम???
I mean This is to inform you that we r not getting water wrd no 12 4 kaafi dino se wat is happening This is ridiculous!
Despite our previous complaints, gutter bhar gaya wrad 20 mein log paani mein chal rahe
like mosquito breeding open darin ward no 2 health risk Please take urgent action!!!
Dear mc, my building at the corner wadr 41 has no water from since monday what to do कब होगा काम???
yaar Hi, open manhole behind the mall ward no 27 very dangerous especially at night We are very tired of this.
actually i want to report that bandra west ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi कब होगा काम???
Tax demand notice for ward 10 but payment done since diwali ago This has been going on too long.
yaar कचरेवाले को बुलाया wardd 38 में पर कोई नहीं आया Very disappointed with MC.
you know dear mc, ward 16 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है
to whom it may concern, ward 38 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi
you know Urgent complaint: ward 42 में past 6 hours से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय When will this be fixed??
u see I want to report that w-2 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
manhole open hai near the market koi gir jayega pls cover lagao When will this be fixed??
you know pothole in the bylane ward 11 bike accident happened yesterday This is ridiculous!
u see it's been since monday and still w-15 में snce monday से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Very disappointed with MC.
basically Urgent complain: manhole open hai at the main road koi gir jayega pls cover lagao STILL not resolved!!!
I mean dear mc, ward no 28 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Nobody is listening to us.
actually This is to inform you that wter supply stopped ward 28 1 hafte se residents suffering badly
u see This is to inform you that fire broke out at the corner W-7 fire brigade delayed Kab tak wait karein???
yaar Trade license renewal pending past 2 weeks shop ward 41
commencement certficate not received matunga despite approval Very disappointed with MC.
u see urgent complaint: hadapsar में सार्वजनिक शौचालय for the past week से साफ नहीं हुआ
sir I want to report THAT road repair KARO ward NO 17 mein KITNE DIN se khadde HAIN yaar This has been going on too long.
actually Hello sir, dengue cases increasing wrad no 25 stagnant water not removed When will this be fixed??
sir We THE RESIDENTS of ward 46 want to say that commencement certificate not received WARD 46 despite approval Very disappointed with MC.
like dog attack mulund at the corner child got bitten please help
I mean respected officer, encroachment on footpath behind the mall pimpri pedestrians cant walk This is ridiculous!
sir Hello sir, tax demand notice for ward no 10 but payment done past 6 hours ago
this is to inform you that road dug up for construction never repaired ward 22 since last night STILL not resolved!!!
sir ward no 10 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein STILL not resolved!!!
this is to inform you that road dug up for costrution never repaired wadr 20 past 2 weeks
sir W-19 में कचरा गाड़ी 3 din se से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है कब होगा काम???
urgent complaint: applied trade license for 10 days ago bandra west still waiting
you know It's been 1 hafte se and still drain blocked Matunga in front of my building sewage overflowing on road Please take urgent action!!!
it's been kaafi dino se and still wadr no 25 में at the signal कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध
u see W-16 में नाली बंद है past 2 weeks से सड़क पर गंदा पानी Please take urgent action!!!
yaar urgent cmplt: bandra west की सड़क की हालत खराब है for the past week से मरम्मत नहीं
u see hi, paani ki problem hai dharavi mein since monday se nala band hogaya Kab tak wait karein???
you know To whom it may concern, teen baar bulaya koi NAHI aaya ward 46 ka kuda uthane Nobody is listening to us.
dear mc, proprty mutation nto done w-18 applied for 2 days ago
Dear MC, pipe phoot gayi Dharavi near the temple mein paani beh raha hai
yaar respected officer, hadapsar ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Very disappointed with MC.
yaar respected officer, manhole open hai in our colony koi gir jayega please cover lagao
u see this is to inform you that bhari water leakage at plot no 45 sadak bhar gayi We are very tired of this.
like Hi, wrd 41 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय for 2 days से साफ नहीं हुआ कब होगा काम???
you know I want to report that naam galat likha hai certificate mein w-11 ka Kab tak wait karein???
sir Respected officer, machhar bahut hain W-12 past 2 weeks se spray kab karoge कब होगा काम???
big water leak Govandi 3 din se nobody coming to fix
sir ward 37 में near the temple अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है Very disappointed with MC.
tbh respected officer, w-4 में नाली बंद है over a fortnight से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
yaar We the residents of ward no 25 want to say that outside my house ward no 25 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding
it's been over a fortnight and still ward 49 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
you know Hi, W-14 में near the school अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है We are very tired of this.
basically Respected officer, ward 5 में मच्छरों की समस्या since yesterday से है Disgusting situation.
It's been past 6 HOURS and still dirty smelly wateer supply ward no 11 past 6 hours health risk This has been going on too long.
like Thane में कचरा गाड़ी for THE past week से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
I mean trade license ke liye since diwali se wait kar raha hoon Powai We are very tired of this.
hi, ligh pole broken ward no 19 dangerous live wire exposed
we the residents of ward 36 want to say that fire noc required ward 36 noot getting it
wrong proprty TAX assessment ward 49 property Disgusting situation.
like to whom it may concern, building plan submitted wardd no 1 for the past week no response Nobody is listening to us.
tbh despite our previous complains, wrd 34 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye When will this be fixed??
tbh urgnt complaint: powai ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
road repair karo w-4 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
to whom it may concern, light pole broken ward 46 dangerous live wire exposed Nobody is listening to us.
sir Urgent complaint: no public toilet w-6 at the junction open defecation happening STILL not resolved!!!
you know urgent complaint: entire ward no 6 in darkness after 9pm for 10 days
actually Hi, pack of dogs chasing people ward no 25 VERY scary Very disappointed with MC.
sir Dear mc, water filter getting choked daily wardd 7 water very bad quality Please take urgent action!!!
tbh this is to inform you that builder ne maal in our colony wadr no 14 road pe daal diya hata do Kab tak wait karein???
u see I want to report that 1 light working out of 10 in ward no 6 rest ALL dead STILL not resolved!!!
you know Respected officer, pack of dogs chasing people wrd 43 very scary We are very tired of this.
hello sir, vikhroli में नाली बंद है sine the monsoon से सड़क पर गंदा पानी This is ridiculous!
I mean despite our previous complaints, trade license ke liye since last night se wait kar raha hoon wrd 44 STILL not resolved!!!
I mean we the residents of wardd 33 want to say that ward 33 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है
yaar URGENT cmplt: illegal dump at plot no 45 ward 14 flies mosquitoes everywhere
bhai this is to inform you that wadr 28 में व्यापार लाइसेंस since the rain से लंबित है
bhai ward no 25 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua since last night se Disgusting situation.
basically i want to report that हमारे ward 14 में from 4 days से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे Please take urgent action!!!
dear mc, wardd 15 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe This is ridiculous!
you know Hi, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain Hadapsar traffic jam ho raha This is ridiculous!
I mean road dug up for construction never repaired w-12 for the past week
like Dear MC, SMALL fire ward 35 near the temple before it SPREADS pls come We are very tired of this.
actually hi, gutter overflow ward 45 people walking in waste water
dear mc, online payment fail ho gayi w-13 mein paise kat gaye कब होगा काम???
hello sir, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward no 25 traffic jam ho raha Kab tak wait karein???
bhai respected officer, trade license ke liye since the monsoon se wait kar raha hoon ward 31 This has been going on too long.
We the residents of ward no 12 want to say that paani nahi aa raha wrad NO 12 mein 3 din se se Disgusting situation.
sir respected officer, proerty tax portal down cannot pay sion This has been going on too long.
Despite our previous complaints, shivaji nagar ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein Please take urgent action!!!
bhai correction needed birth certificate powai wrong name spelled
tbh This is to inform you that stinking garbage PILE near station ward 9 dogs spreading it everywhere Kab tak wait karein???
yaar this is to inform you that registered birth since the rain but certificate not issued ward 30 When will this be fixed??
yaar respected officer, wadr no 11 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for 2 days से लंबित है When will this be fixed??
tbh toilet gandy hai at the corner ward no 15 from 4 days se safai karo Please take urgent action!!!
Despite our previous complaints, wardd 42 ka paani 3 din SE nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Disgusting situation.
this is to inform you that wator pipe cracked ward no 1 at the corner road become muddy This has been going on too long.
actually it's been from 4 days and still mosquito problem wadr 36 near the school no fogging from 4 days This has been going on too long.
urgent complaint: ward no 21 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Kab tak wait karein???
we the residents of ward 6 want to say that wator looks muddy ward 6 in our colony from 4 days Nobody is listening to us.
like Urgent complaint: water from tap ward 11 yellow coloured not drinkable Disgusting situation.
construction without plan approval ward 25 Nobody is listening to us.
you know respected officer, registered birth 1 hafte se but certificate nt issued w-10
watr supply stopped w-17 for 2 dayz residents suffering badly We are very tired of this.
like Hi, drain blocked ward 34 at the naka sewage overflowing on road Kab tak wait karein???
like Urgnt complaint: bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward 8 mein since morning lag gaye STILL not resolved!!!
you know ward 8 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi
actually urgent complaint: nali choke ho gayi ward 41 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha
I mean this is to inform you that correction needed birth certificate vikhroli wrong name spelled We are very tired of this.
tbh ward no 19 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
PUBLIC TOILET ward no 6 very dirty not cleaned for 10 days
actually ward no 9 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं This has been going on too long.
you know building mein aag ward no 10 jaldi aao We are very tired of this.
actually Respected officer, wadr 20 में since monday से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Nobody is listening to us.
Dear MC, W-2 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय for the past week से साफ नहीं हुआ कब होगा काम???
sir Hello sir, supply cut without notice W-18 for 10 days STILL not resolved!!!
u see hello sir, ward no 16 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है This is ridiculous!
I mean We the RESIDENTS of Kurla want to say that builder started WORK at NIGHT KURLA near the SCHOOL no permission This has been going on too long.
basically I want to report that w-5 at the main raod nali band hai since the rain se badbu aa rahi कब होगा काम???
tbh i want to report that baarish ke baad drain overflow chembur mein raod nahi dikh raha We are very tired of this.
sir Hello sir, footpath pe encroachment hai near station ward 19 mein Disgusting situation.
basically DEAR MC, no water in Wadala over a fortnight
actually Dear MC, municipal tanker not coming to Chembur over a fortnight STILL not resolved!!!
you know urgent complain: water from tap ward 27 yellow coloured not drinkable
you know We the residents of Vile Parle want to say that Vile Parle ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega
u see my building near station ward no 20 has no watr from since last night what to do This is ridiculous!
sir I want to report that nahi aa rha paani wrad no 17 mein pls koi to suno Kab tak wait karein???
you know Many stray dogs matunga in front of my building biting residents
I mean To whom it may concern, commencement CERTIFICATE nt received ward 40 despite approval Disgusting situation.
u see paani mein mitti aa rahi hai Hadapsar colour bhi change hai
u see main pipeline burst W-19 water gushing out since 3 days When will this be fixed??
sir Hi, toilet broken and stinking W-15 nobody cleaning When will this be fixed??
Fire noc required laxmi nagar not getting it Please take urgent action!!!
u see To whom it may concern, wateer SUPPLY stopped ward 16 SINCE the rain residents suffering badly Disgusting situation.
u see Hi, no response to building PERMISSION application ward 14 from last tuesday
you know Dear MC, NO water in W-8 for THE past week Please take urgent action!!!
basically despite our previous complaints, baarish ke baad drain overflow ward no 19 mein road nahi dikh raha कब होगा काम???
u see urgent complaint: commencement certiifcate not received Powai DESPITE approval
w-17 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें STILL not resolved!!!
Malviya Nagar mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain Very disappointed with MC.
to whom it may concern, supply cut without notice dharavi since the monsoon This is ridiculous!
you know Kab aayega paani wrad 20 mein itna wait kar rahe hain कब होगा काम???
u see Hello sir, ward no 22 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua for 5 dayz se We are very tired of this.
hello sir, mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward no 17 This has been going on too long.
actually this is to inform you that public toilet ward 33 very dirty not cleaned for the past week We are very tired of this.
basically swm worker absent from wadr 22 near the school past 2 weeks STILL not resolved!!!
basically urgent complaint: stray dogs not sterilized ward no 17 population increasing Kab tak wait karein???
actually it's been 3 din se and still w-1 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं Please take urgent action!!!
Hello sir, W-11 near the market bina permission construction ho raha hai
bhai It's been sinc yesterday and still w-10 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi We are very tired of this.
khadda hai in front of my building thane mein accident hua tha kal STILL not resolved!!!
sir Dear MC, baarish ke baad darin overflow ward 7 mein road nahi dikh raha कब होगा काम???
you know hi, roaad condition pathetic ward no 5 multiple potholes 3 din se
meri beti ko dengue hua ward 24 mein ab bhi KUCH nahi hua
sir this is to inform you that road broken badly ward 26 near the school car tyres punctured 2 times
actually I want to report that trade license ke liye over a fortnight se wait kar raha hoon ward no 9 Please take urgent action!!!
u see to whom it may concern, small fire w-12 at the junction before it spreads please come Please take urgent action!!!
basically हमारे ward 46 में महीने भर से से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
it's been since the rain and still ward 20 में नामांतरण sine the rain से लंबित है कब होगा When will this be fixed??
drain blocked WARD 37 behind THE mall sewage overflowing on road कब होगा काम???
water from tap ward no 13 yellow coloured not drinkable Very disappointed with MC.
like To whom it may concern, pipe phoot gayi ward 29 near the school mein paani beh raha hai This is ridiculous!
sir This is to inform you that water supply stopped wadr no 2 past 2 weeks residents suffering badly
Despite our previous complaints, applied for mutation for 10 dayz no UPDATE ward 34 Please take urgent action!!!
we the residents of ward 23 want to say that fire at building wardd 23 at the naka please send fire engine कब होगा काम???
you know It's been since last month and still big wter leak ward 42 since last month nobody coming to fix Please take urgent action!!!
Dear MC, wrd 17 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं कब होगा काम???
actually this is to inform you that wardd 5 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Nobody is listening to us.
tax notice aaya hai santacruz ka lekin payment ho chuki
This is to inform you that pipe leaking W-2 in the bylane roaad flooded Kab tak wait karein???
actually ward 49 mein death certificate nahi mila 3 din se se urgent hai Please take urgent action!!!
despite our previous cmplts, wardd no 28 mein mutation nahi hua from 4 days se apply kiya tha Disgusting situation.
you know despite our previous complaints, pack of dogs chasing people ward 34 very scary Kab tak wait karein???
andheri east ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
like nullah blocked chembur mosquito breeding happening
I want to report that karol bagh mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua 1 hafte se se This is ridiculous!
actually hello sir, manhole cover missing near station powai someone will fall Very disappointed with MC.
sir malaria fear ward 43 drain not cleaned for 2 days Nobody is listening to us.
hi, wrd no 7 mein lgiht nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
Respected officer, PHOLE at the NAKA Chembur bike accident happened yesterday
basically URGENT complaint: sewage smell unbearable W-18 snce THE monsoon KIDS cant go to school
like This is to inform you that wrd no 14 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut HOTA hai Kab tak wait karein???
sir this is to inform you that my scooter fell in pot hole wrd 1 at the corner i got hurt
tbh hello sir, public toilet ward 3 very dirty nto cleaned past 2 weeks Disgusting situation.
Respected officer, fire broke out near the school w-15 fire brigade delayed When will this be fixed??
actually urgnt complaint: major pipe burst in the lane wadr no 18 water wasting
bhai respected officer, water from tap ward no 12 yellow coloured not drinkable कब होगा काम???
Urgent complaint: dustbin bhar GAYI WARD 48 mein khali karo pleese This is ridiculous!
actually Dear MC, toilet always locked ward no 1 near sector 7 useless facility
yaar light pole broken kurla dangerous live wire exposed
like Urgent complaint: illegal building ban raha hai Hadapsar mein rok do कब होगा काम???
urgent complaint: many stray dogs wrad no 24 behind the mall biting residents Kab tak wait karein???
it's been for 10 day and still tax notice came again even after paying shivaji nagar We are very tired of this.
WARD 40 MEIN paani ka pipe past 2 weeks se leak ho RAHA HAI
bhai hello sir, no streetlight ward no 10 near station theft increasing When will this be fixed??
you know dear mc, w-18 में since the monsoon से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। When will this be fixed??
yaar Road condition pathetic wadr no 2 multiple potholes snce monday Very disappointed with MC.
I mean Despite our previous complaints, Govandi mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi कब होगा काम???
It's been since monday and still roda tar came off sine monday W-14 only stones left
i want to report that water looks muddy ward 9 in the bylane from 4 days We are very tired of this.
basically this is to inform you that paani ki bohot problem hai in the lane mein dharavi ke andar Very disappointed with MC.
tbh it's been from 4 days and still wateer pipe cracked w-15 at plot no 45 road become muddy
like we the residents of wardd 1 want to say that water leakage in front of my building ward 1 huge wastage please fix
basically road broken badly ward 24 in our colony car tyres punctured 2 times
actually gutter overflow dharavi people walking in waste water Disgusting situation.
you know Hi, sewage smell unbearable ward 5 from last tuesday kids cant go to school
I mean i want to report that wardd no 16 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है We are very tired of this.
basically hi, ward 29 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं Disgusting situation.
basically respected officer, main pipeline burst ward 17 water gushing out kaafi dino se Nobody is listening to us.
yaar despite our previous complaints, entire footpath occupied by shop in the bylane wardd 27 since the rain This has been going on too long.
I mean malaria fear ward 5 drain noot cleaned since last night
We the residents of Kurla want to say that bhari water leakage near D-block sadak bhar gayi
like Wardd no 4 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Please take urgent action!!!
actually Urgent complaint: ward 19 में past 2 weeks से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। When will this be fixed??
urgent complain: NO water in WARD no 8 from 4 dayz Kab tak wait karein???
bhai supply cut without notice ward no 14 past 2 weeks
I mean paani ki problem hai wadr no 26 mein since the monsoon SE nala band hogaya When will this be fixed??
you know this is to inform you that tap is dry ward 45 from last tuesday please check the pipeline
It's been past 6 hours and still ward no 12 mein mutation nahi hua past 6 hours se apply kiya tha Disgusting situation.
like Respected officer, W-5 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
Despite our previous complaints, Chembur में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है
I WANT to report that cylinder blast outside my house ward 27 need immediate help
mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward 8 ka Please take urgent action!!!
like street light toot gayi at plot no 45 ward no 21 for 2 days se STILL not resolved!!!
I mean hello sir, oc application pending since last night wadr 47 office Kab tak wait karein???
fire broke out near d-block ward 40 fire brigade delayed कब होगा काम???
Despite our previous complaints, paid proerty tax ward 2 but RECEIPT not received Please take urgent action!!!
basically gutter overflow wrd 4 people walking in waste watr
To whom it may concern, कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward no 7 में पर कोई नहीं आया
you know i want to report that bacche ka certificate nahi bana w-11 mein for 5 days lag gaye Kab tak wait karein???
u see pipe toot gayi at the corner ward no 9 ke paas jaldi AAO When will this be fixed??
you know I want TO report that fire broke out in the lane W-7 fire brigade delayed We are very tired of this.
you know we the residents of w-14 want to say that नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा w-14 में sine the rain से STILL not resolved!!!
you know I want to report that Bandra West office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye
yaar Despite our previous complains, cow sitting on main road W-3 traffic blocked कब होगा काम???
actually respected officer, darin blocked wardd no 29 in our colony sewage overflowing on road कब होगा काम???
basically respected officer, bhai wardd 22 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo This has been going on too long.
sir dear mc, ward 41 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
sir hello sir, aaj fir gira mai w-17 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche Kab tak wait karein???
Nahi aa rha paani ward 5 mein pls koi to suno Kab tak wait karein???
i want to report that w-16 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Please take urgent action!!!
Dear MC, toilet gandy hai at the naka W-1 for the past week se safai karo This is ridiculous!
bhai Hi, garbage collector takes money still not collecting ward NO 21 STILL not resolved!!!
bhai urgent complain: toilet broken and stinking ward 20 nobody cleaning Kab tak wait karein???
i want to report that people dumping garbage near sector 7 ward no 24 very unhygienic Nobody is listening to us.
birth certiifcate not received w-11 office 1 hafte se Kab tak wait karein???
tbh machhar bahut hain wardd 32 sinc yesterday se spray kab karoge
you know i want to report that hadapsar office mein plan submit kiya kaafi dino se reply nahi Very disappointed with MC.
road broken badly ward no 8 near the SCHOOL car tyres punctured 2 times When will this be fixed??
bhai entire footpath occupied by shop near d-block govandi since morning
basically to whom it may concern, ward no 27 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
it's been since yesterday and still ward 22 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं कब होगा काम???
This is to inform you that main pipeline burst ward 6 water gushing out since last night We are very tired of this.
I mean we the residents of ward 31 want to say that fire noc required ward 31 not getting it Disgusting situation.
Dear MC, it rained AND entire road disappeared W-4 only pits left Kab tak wait karein???
you know ward 14 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete
bhai ilegal building ban raha hai ward 35 mein rok do
actually dear mc, massive crater sized potholee in the lane w-6 since for 5 days कब होगा काम???
I mean we the residents of vile parle want to say that many stray dogs vile parle near the park biting residents STILL not resolved!!!
I mean Hi, W-13 में in the lane के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक We are very tired of this.
tbh illegal building ban raha hai bandra west mein rok do This has been going on too long.
I mean I want to report that garbge not collected ward 32 1 hafte se unbearable smell We are very tired of this.
urgnt complaint: water has weird smell and colour ward no 18
you know AT THE junction ward no 4 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है कब होगा काम???
basically we the residents of w-5 want to say that w-5 में sinc 3 days से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
despite our previous complaints, w-1 mein mutation nahi hua from last tuesday se apply kiya tha Please take urgent action!!!
tax demand notice for ward 7 but payment done since 3 days ago
actually laxmi nagar में नाली बंद है for 10 dayz से सड़क पर गंदा पानी We are very tired of this.
like hi, meri beti ko dengue hua ward 48 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
sir meri beti ko dengue hua ward 7 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua Very disappointed with MC.
like I want to report that toilet always locked Vikhroli near the market useless facility कब होगा काम???
bhai Hi, malaria FEAR WARD 29 drain not cleaned since 3 days
actually Dear mc, w-7 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili Nobody is listening to us.
ward 49 mein death certificate nahi mila past 6 hours se urgent hai STILL not resolved!!!
Dear mc, aaj bhi ward 9 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo Nobody is listening to us.
I mean it's been from 4 days and still wardd no 26 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Disgusting situation.
bhai I want to report that applied for mutation FROM 4 days no update ward 40 STILL not resolved!!!
bhai This is to inform you that cylinder blast near station ward 42 need immediate help This has been going on too long.
you know Urgent complaint: no water since 3 din se in ward no 28 when will tanker come
tbh It's been sine the monsoon and still no wter in wrd no 10 since the monsoon
yaar dear mc, dirty smelly water supply malviya nagar over a fortnight health risk We are very tired of this.
tbh Dear MC, pipe leaking outside near the temple ward no 25 creating pothole also This has been going on too long.
u see dear mc, new trade license not processed ward 10 past 6 hours
hello sir, potholes on main road w-17 causing accidents since diwali When will this be fixed??
u see To whom it may concern, ward no 16 near the temple में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
I want to report that nullah blocked wadr no 14 mosquito breeding happening Very disappointed with MC.
sir This is to inform you that ward 8 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं We are very tired of this.
HI, street light wire hanging loose near station W-19 shock risk STILL not resolved!!!
sir Despite OUR previous complaints, PIPE leaking outside near THE market ward 25 creating POTHOLE also
respected officer, fire noc required shivaji nagar nt getting it
We the residents of ward no 17 want to say that death certificate not issued ward no 17 office from last tuesday Disgusting situation.
bhai drain blocked Govandi at the JUNCTION sewage overflowing on ROAD कब होगा काम???
u see Hi, waterlogging after rain ward 41 mosquito problem getting worse STILL not resolved!!!
u see We the residents of indiranagar want to say that my baby born 1 hafte se certificate still not ready indiranagar
u see Dear mc, drainn blocked ward no 11 near the market sewage overflowing on road
like we the residents of wrd 36 want to say that daily wator supply disrupted wardd 36 past महीने भर से pipeline blocked maybe
u see garbage truck not coming vile parle past 2 weeks Please take urgent action!!!
bhai ward 19 में for 10 day से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Very disappointed with MC.
drain choked ward 48 PAST 6 HOURS foul smell health hazard
bhai Dear MC, pothole in the lane Malviya Nagar bike accident happened yesterday Kab tak wait karein???
basically pipe toot gayi in the bylane wrd 24 ke paas jaldi aao Disgusting situation.
ward 44 at plot no 45 nali band hai 1 hafte se se badbu aa rahi Please take urgent action!!!
tbh पड़ोसी ने W-11 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली When will this be fixed??
Hi, ward 45 में व्यापार लाइसेंस from 4 days से लंबित है This is ridiculous!
Urgent complaint: manhole open hai near sector 7 koi gir jayega plz cover lagao
people dumping garbage in the lane ward 11 very unhygienic Kab tak wait karein???
basically respected officer, builder started work at night ward 29 behind the mall no permission
I mean hello sir, wator from tap ward 11 yellow coloured noot drinkable कब होगा काम???
you know i want to report that illegal construction ward no 17 in our colony without permission
this is to inform you that proprty mutation noot done wrad 41 applied sine 3 days ago Very disappointed with MC.
you know Urgent complaint: in the bylane ward 5 ka kuda uthao yaar महीने भर से se nahi utha This has been going on too long.
u see we the residents of w-5 want to say that w-5 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
actually property tax portal down cannot pay wrad no 8 Nobody is listening to us.
yaar ward 36 की सड़क की हालत खराब है since yesterday से मरम्मत नहीं
sewage smell unbearable w-15 from last tuesday kids cant go to school STILL not resolved!!!
ward no 29 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Please take urgent action!!!
sir we the residents of ward no 16 want to say that birth certificate not received ward no 16 office from last tuesday This has been going on too long.
actually it's been महीने भर से and still ward 34 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Disgusting situation.
actually trade license renewal pending since diwali shop ward 19 Very disappointed with MC.
paid property tax w-10 but receipt not received When will this be fixed??
to whom it may concern, my scooter fell in pothole ward 29 near d-block i got hurt Nobody is listening to us.
This is to inform you that ward no 2 mein paani band hai kaafi dino se se log taras rahe hain When will this be fixed??
tbh STREET light wire hanging loose at the signal ward no 17 shock risk
waterlogging after rain w-8 mosquito problem getting worse
I mean Sion mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota HAI STILL not resolved!!!
tbh road tar came off for the past week w-18 only stones left Nobody is listening to us.
urgent complaint: drain blocked ward no 24 at the signal sewage overflowing on road Disgusting situation.
sewage smell unbearable ward 7 since diwali kids cant go to school Please take urgent action!!!
I mean We the residents of Laxmi Nagar want to say that Laxmi Nagar mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo Kab tak wait karein???
ward 32 office mein plan submit kiya 1 hafte se reply nahi When will this be fixed??
bhai dear mc, need death certficate urgently ward 10 for insurance When will this be fixed??
This is TO inform you that AAJ FIR gira mai WARD no 25 KE KHADDE mein scooter le gaya neeche Very disappointed with MC.
sir We the residents of ward 23 want to say that applied trade license since last month ago wrd 23 still waiting Please take urgent action!!!
encroachment on footpath at plot no 45 w-2 pedestrians cant walk Disgusting situation.
hello sir, stray dogs not sterilized w-19 population increasing This has been going on too long.
actually we the residents of kurla want to say that kurla में नामांतरण past 2 weeks से लंबित है कब होगा
like we the residents of ward no 22 want to say that ward no 22 में since diwali से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Kab tak wait karein???
respected officer, drainage overflow during rain w-8 flooding streets
you know IT'S been since 3 days and still at the signal W-14 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है This has been going on too long.
tbh Supply cut without notice ward 47 since last month
basically dear mc, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko shivaji nagar mein urgent karo This is ridiculous!
you know This is to inform you that road repair karo wardd no 4 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar When will this be fixed??
despite our previous complaints, naam galat likha hai certificate mein w-7 ka
bhai to whom it may concern, kachra nahi utha kurla mein past 6 hours se bahut badbu This is ridiculous!
ward no 18 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi
tbh It's BEEN kaafi dino se and still ward no 28 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain KAAFI dino se se bahut takleef कब होगा काम???
like to whom it may concern, ward 49 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega We are very tired of this.
yaar Urgent complaint: tax notice aaya hai ward 37 ka lekin payment ho chuki
yaar urgent complaint: ward 38 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें We are very tired of this.
tbh govandi में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक This has been going on too long.
supply cut without notice andheri east since yesterday Disgusting situation.
urgent complaint: paid some amount proerty tax but still showing dues ward no 7 This has been going on too long.
like despite our previous cmplts, oc application pending from 4 days w-17 office
bhai We the residents of ward no 26 want to say that builder started work at night ward no 26 IN the lane NO permission Please take urgent action!!!
construction without plan approval kurla
sir urgent complaint: paani ki bohot problem hai near the temple mein ward 31 ke andar Very disappointed with MC.
bhai पड़ोसी ने santacruz में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली Very disappointed with MC.
sir it's been 3 din se and still ward no 9 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं STILL not resolved!!!
W-14 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र for 5 days से नहीं मिला Please take urgent action!!!
yaar urgent complaint: kurla at the signal mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao STILL not resolved!!!
like we the residents of koramangala want to say that gutter overflow koramangala people walking in waste wter Disgusting situation.
yaar it's been 3 din se and still pipe toot gayi near the school ward 5 ke paas jaldi aao When will this be fixed??
like ward 31 OFFICE HI nahi uthata PHONE trade license ke liye This has been going on too long.
bhai We the residents of Chembur want to say that near station Chembur ka kuda uthao yaar from last tuesday se nahi utha We are very tired of this.
basically it's been snce the monsoon and still water has weird smell and colour w-1
yaar this is to inform you that w-2 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe This has been going on too long.
tbh W-8 ka property TAX bhar diya RECEIPT nahi mili
actually encroachment on footpath at the junction ward no 16 pedestrians cant walk STILL not resolved!!!
ward no 6 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega
yaar it's been over a fortnight and still w-2 की सड़क की हालत खराब है over a fortnight से मरम्मत नहीं We are very tired of this.
u see Hi, ward 31 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है STILL not resolved!!!
hello sir, birth certificate not received ward no 4 office snce the monsoon
toilet broken and stinking ward 36 nobody CLEANING This has been going on too long.
basically drainn choked W-1 3 din se foul smell health hazard STILL not resolved!!!
yaar in our colony ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward 14 mein since the rain se Please take urgent action!!!
tbh hi, wrad 49 in our colony nali band hai since the rain se badbu aa rahi
tbh Respected officer, Dharavi ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega This is ridiculous!
u see it's been 3 din se and still baarish ke baad drain overflow w-18 mein road nahi dikh raha This is ridiculous!
I mean major pipe burst near the market kurla water wasting Kab tak wait karein???
hi, entire w-10 in darkness after 9pm over a fortnight
like Dear mc, ward 20 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai Very disappointed with MC.
bhai it's been past 6 hours and still oc application pending past 6 hours ward 10 office We are very tired of this.
Hi, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward 30 mein URGENT karo
like despite our previous complaints, ward 48 mein death certificate nahi mila since last night se urgnt hai
I want to report that w-5 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
yaar despite our previous complaints, ward 42 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक We are very tired of this.
actually respected officer, baarish ke baad drain overflow w-6 mein road nahi dikh raha Kab tak wait karein???
actually We the RESIDENTS of ward 29 want TO say that garbage truck not coming WRD 29 snce last MONTH
like This is to inform you that many stray dogs ward 11 at the main road biting residents कब होगा काम???
bhai hello sir, 1 light working out of 10 in ward no 7 rest all dead This is ridiculous!
you know RESPECTED OFFICER, AAJ fir gira mai ward no 14 KE khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche
Hi, water pipe cracked ward 49 near station road become muddy Please take urgent action!!!
yaar despite our previous complaints, ward 47 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
tbh it's been 1 hafte se and still major pipe burst at the naka w-11 wter wasting Disgusting situation.
sir We the residents of wardd 26 want to say that no streetlight wardd 26 near the school theft increasing This is ridiculous!
potholes on main road chembur causing accidents महीने भर से When will this be fixed??
basically Dear MC, dog attack ward no 8 IN the lane child got bitten PLEASE help
you know Hello sir, ward 48 mein mutation nahi hua 3 din se se apply kiya tha We are very tired of this.
hello sir, unauthorized building w-12 please stop
this is to inform you that aaj fir gira mai indiranagar ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche
hello sir, bandra west का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें When will this be fixed??
yaar urgent cmplt: dharavi की सड़क की हालत खराब है since diwali से मरम्मत नहीं Very disappointed with MC.
bhai Respected officer, building permission ke liye snce the rain wait KAR raha hoon W-6
bhai to whom it may concern, mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward no 22 This has been going on too long.
Respected officer, builder ne maal at plot no 45 Bandra West road pe daal diya hata do
urgent complaint: garbage truck not coming W-14 since 3 days Kab tak wait karein???
like i want to report that street ligt toot gayi in the lane wadr 44 since last month se
basically this is to inform you that ward 31 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है since diwali से Very disappointed with MC.
respected officer, cow sitting on main road wrd no 23 traffic blocked
wrad 11 mein PUBLIC toilet nahi HAI log bahar jaate hain
despite our previous cmplts, w-13 near sector 7 mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi This is ridiculous!
I mean It's been 1 hafte se and still ward 23 में near the market अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
actually dear mc, garbage wala nahi aaya wardd 25 at plot no 45 sine the monsoon se STILL not resolved!!!
actually We the RESIDENTS OF ward 23 want to say that ward 23 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
bhai This is to inform you that teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya wrad no 27 ka kuda uthane
tbh Respected officer, cow sitting on main ROAD ward no 13 traffic blocked Please take urgent action!!!
garbage not collected wardd 36 since yesterday unbearable smell Disgusting situation.
you know pipe toot gayi near sector 7 ward no 14 ke paas jaldi aao
you know wateer SUPPLY stopped ward 10 for 10 DAYS residents suffering badly
yaar Respected officer, applied FOR mutation since the rain no update ward no 29 Please take urgent action!!!
Nali choke ho gayi wrad 30 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha
you know Despite our previous complaints, cylinder blast near sector 7 wrad 47 need immediate help
basically santacruz ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega
Respected officer, pipe leaking Bandra West behind the mall road flooded
actually To WHOM it may concern, people dumping garbage in front of my building ward no 17 VERY unhygienic This has been going on too long.
actually ward no 8 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र since yesterday से नहीं मिला
I mean Malviya Nagar में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें We are very tired of this.
Hi, pipe leaking outside at the naka ward 23 creating potholee also Nobody is listening to us.
I want TO report that paani ki problem hai Govandi MEIN for 5 day se nala band hogaya STILL not resolved!!!
like mutation request pending wrad no 15 for 5 day please process
basically tax notice came again even after paying ward 14 Kab tak wait karein???
actually respected officer, road pe gadd hai near the school indiranagar bike wale girte hain Disgusting situation.
bhai it's been over a fortnight and still wator has weird smell and colour wrd no 15 कब होगा काम???
bhai this is to inform you that toilet band rehta hai wrd no 17 mein kya fayda When will this be fixed??
light pole broken ward 41 dangerous live wire exposed कब होगा काम???
it's been since morning and still new trade license not processed wrad no 16 since morning
basically to whom it may concern, no wter in ward 19 past 2 weeks This is ridiculous!
wter pipe cracked borivali at the signal road become muddy कब होगा काम???
to whom it may concern, oc application pending snce 3 days sion office कब होगा काम???
Despite our previous complains, waterlogging after rain ward 24 MOSQUITO problem GETTING worse This is ridiculous!
Hello sir, MALARIA fear ward 6 drainn not CLEANED since morning Disgusting situation.
Dear MC, wateer supply stopped ward 34 past 6 hours residents suffering badly
Hello sir, Indiranagar near the market mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao कब होगा काम???
like to whom it may concern, fire broke out in the bylane ward 16 fire brigade delayed
I mean Despite our previous complaints, mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward 32 Very disappointed with MC.
actually Respected officer, garbaje wala NAHI aaya ward 22 NEAR station SINCE last night se
ward no 21 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua OVER a fortnight se Kab tak wait karein???
sir we the residents of ward no 17 want to say that my scooter fell in pothole ward no 17 at the junction i got hurt We are very tired of this.
I mean HI, Vikhroli में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है This is ridiculous!
this is to inform you that water pipe cracked w-17 opposite the hospital road become muddy Nobody is listening to us.
you know DESPITE our previous complaints, mom KO heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward 11 This is ridiculous!
sir wrd no 24 में व्यापार लाइसेंस since diwali से लंबित है Very disappointed with MC.
to whom it may concern, ward 39 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है
Dear MC, fire AT building WARD 23 in front OF my building plese send fire engine When will this be fixed??
urgent complaint: at the naka ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya Kurla mein 3 din se se When will this be fixed??
sir Hello sir, ward 37 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Disgusting situation.
bhai i want to report that waste nto picked wadr 30 at the main road past 6 hours piling up on road STILL not resolved!!!
this is to inform you that water from tap w-2 yellow coloured not drinkable
We the residents of WARD no 15 WANT to say that WARD no 15 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है Kab tak wait karein???
you know i want to report that waste nt picked wrad no 29 behind the mall 1 hafte se piling up on road कब होगा काम???
like despite our previous complaints, ward 23 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega
bhai Hi, construction without plan approval W-16 कब होगा काम???
basically We the residents of wrad 19 want to say that wrad 19 OUTSIDE my HOUSE में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Kab tak wait karein???
u see Urgent complaint: ward 43 में नाली बंद है 3 din se से सड़क पर गंदा पानी Disgusting situation.
respected officer, paani nahi aa raha ward 32 mein since yesterday se
bhai urgent complaint: bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward no 4 mein for 2 day lag gaye Kab tak wait karein???
u see small fire Mulund near THE PARK before it spreads PLZ come Please take urgent action!!!
yaar urgent complaint: trade license ke liye since yesterday se wait kar raha hoon ward no 11 Disgusting situation.
road broken badly wrd 32 near the park car tyres punctured 2 times
i want to report that bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward 2 mein snce the monsoon lag gaye Kab tak wait karein???
Hi, unauthorized building wrad 22 please stop
like to whom it may concern, road condition pathetic ward 6 multiple potholes sinc last month Very disappointed with MC.
hi, commencement certificate not received ward 18 despite approval
to whom it may concern, ward 27 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi When will this be fixed??
tbh hello sir, construction waste dumped on road w-1 by builder
I mean We the residents of ward 44 want to say that no water in ward 44 FROM LAST tuesday When will this be fixed??
Dear MC, in the bylane Vile Parle ka kuda uthao yaar over a fortnight se nahi utha STILL not resolved!!!
actually Bhari wateer leakage opposite the hospital sadak bhar gayi When will this be fixed??
u see cylinder blast hua outside my house wadr no 19 mein emergency Disgusting situation.
Dear mc, raat ko construction chal raha tha ward no 5 bina permission This has been going on too long.
like hello sir, applied trade license sinc yesterday ago ward 6 still waiting
actually it's been from 4 days and still wter from tap ward no 12 yellow coloured not drinkable
HELLO sir, पड़ोसी ने Andheri EAST में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली Disgusting situation.
yaar Dear MC, paani mein mitti AA rahi hai ward no 23 colour BHI change hai
yaar Despite our previous complaints, ward 12 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye
bhai hello sir, in our colony pimpri ka kuda uthao yaar past 2 weeks se nahi utha
Ward no 27 में कचरा गाड़ी snce morning से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है This has been going on too long.
you know respected officer, street light toot gayi at the signal ward 36 since monday se Kab tak wait karein???
I mean To whom it may concern, mom ko heart problem hai isliye URGENT chahiye paani W-19 कब होगा काम???
I mean I want to report that road broken badly kurla near the market car tyres punctured 2 times This has been going on too long.
actually Dear MC, illegal building BAN raha hai W-14 mein rok do
bhai it's been for 2 dyas and still 1 light working out of 10 in ward 10 rest all dead We are very tired of this.
fire noc required mulund nto getting it When will this be fixed??
tbh this is to inform you that w-12 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili कब होगा काम???
like main pipeline burst karol bagh water gushing out for the past week STILL not resolved!!!
u see brown wter coming ward no 6 children getting sick Kab tak wait karein???
tbh cylinder blast at the naka w-10 need immediate help Disgusting situation.
u see Machhar bahut hain wrad 6 for 10 days se spray kab karoge This has been going on too long.
urgnt complaint: toilet gandy hai near the school ward 13 महीने भर से se safai karo When will this be fixed??
it's been since 3 dayz and still कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 20 में पर कोई नहीं आया
yaar urgent complaint: online payment fail ho gayi ward no 4 mein paise kat gaye
Despite our previous complaints, tax notice came again even after paying ward no 24
I mean this is to inform you that neighbor built extra floor without permission ward 17 We are very tired of this.
I mean hello sir, main pipeline burst ward 12 water gushing out since last month
Hello SIR, manhole open hai at the MAIN RAOD koi GIR jayega please cover lagao
I mean गड्ढे की वजह से ward 23 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Very disappointed with MC.
tbh we the residents of ward 26 want to say that ward 26 में at the main roaad कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध We are very tired of this.
basically To whom it may concern, W-4 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Kab tak wait karein???
like Tap is dry ward no 11 3 din se pls check the pipeline This is ridiculous!
despite our previous complaints, wrad no 17 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति 1 hafte se से बाधित है
Respected officer, opposite the hospital Hadapsar ka kuda uthao yaar since diwali se nahi utha Very disappointed with MC.
sir waste not picked wrad 14 near the market since 3 days piling up on road
sir it's been since yesterday and still road condition pathetic wadr no 25 multiple potholes since yesterday This has been going on too long.
bhai Hello sir, WRD no 14 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं Very disappointed with MC.
I mean Garbage truck not coming wadr no 2 sine monday
actually Dog attack ward 16 at the main road child got bitten please help
Respected officer, ward 46 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है
Hello sir, W-5 near the market nali band hai sinc 3 days SE badbu aa rahi
hi, गड्ढे की वजह से vikhroli में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा STILL not resolved!!!
like online property tax payment failed amount ₹8500 deducted mulund
sir To whom it may concern, footpath pe encroachment hai near STATION wadr no 3 mein Kab tak wait karein???
respected officer, नाली से बदबू w-1 में for 10 days से असहनीय हो गई है
respected officer, fire broke out near station w-9 fire brigade delayed This has been going on too long.
bhai hi, ward no 7 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें Nobody is listening to us.
you know it's been महीने भर से and still kachra nahi utha kurla mein महीने भर से se bahut badbu When will this be fixed??
we the residents of powai want to say that drainn blocked powai near the temple sewage overflowing on road When will this be fixed??
We the residents of Shivaji Nagar want to say that Shivaji Nagar ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili Please take urgent action!!!
yaar Dear MC, ROAAD full of potholes Santacruz from last tuesday vehicles getting damaged
I mean To whom it may concern, it rained and entire road disappeared ward 12 ONLY PITS left Disgusting situation.
actually Dear MC, paani nahi aa raha wrd 47 mein for 5 days se Nobody is listening to us.
tbh urgent complain: ward 28 office mein plan submit kiya 3 din se reply nahi Disgusting situation.
yaar cylinder blast hua in the bylane WARD 48 mein emergency This has been going on too long.
like Respected officer, drainage overflow during rain ward no 4 flooding streets
bhai 3 PEOPLE in my building got dengue ward 32 please spray Disgusting situation.
actually wrd no 15 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
this is to inform you that correction needed birth certificate ward no 23 wrong name spelled When will this be fixed??
basically It's been past 6 hours and STILL birth certificate not received ward 35 office past 6 hours
u see I want to report that PEOPLE dumping GARBAGE behind the mall ward 31 VERY unhygienic
tbh Hi, raat ko construction chal RAHA tha SANTACRUZ bina permission कब होगा काम???
basically ward 33 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Nobody is listening to us.
sir big water leak Indiranagar for 10 days nobody coming to fix Kab tak wait karein???
basically Koramangala mein sadak pe bade khadde hain past 6 hours se bahut takleef
urgent cmplt: my baby born past 6 hours certificate still not ready ward 13 Kab tak wait karein???
sir Respected officer, correction needed birth certificate ward 4 wrong name spelled
despite our previous complaints, ward 35 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं Please take urgent action!!!
Respected officer, ward no 25 में नामांतरण 1 hafte se से लंबित है कब होगा
basically correction needed birth certificate w-10 wrong name spelled
Despite our previous complaints, daily watr supply disrupted w-15 past from last tuesday pipeline blocked maybe
we the residents of ward 47 want to say that cow sitting on main road wrad 47 traffic blocked कब होगा काम???
bhai ward 24 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi Kab tak wait karein???
I want TO report THAT entire wrad no 2 in darkness after 9pm 1 hafte se STILL not resolved!!!
you know i want to report that applied for mutation from last tuesday no update koramangala कब होगा काम???
urgent cmplt: laxmi nagar ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi
Despite our previous complaints, online payment fail ho gayi w-2 mein paise kat gaye Please take urgent action!!!
you know IT'S been past 2 weeks and still illegal BUILDING ban raha HAI ward 39 mein ROK DO
Dear MC, pack of dogs chasing people W-16 very scary
i want to report that small fire w-7 near the temple before it spreads please come
bhai respected officer, ward no 4 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं Nobody is listening to us.
basically I want to report that paani ki bohot problem hai in the lane mein wrad 38 ke andar This is ridiculous!
tbh i want to report that teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward 41 ka kuda uthane This has been going on too long.
yaar respected officer, wator leakage at the corner govandi huge wastage please fix This is ridiculous!
to whom it may concern, water from tap ward 39 yellow coloured not drinkable
actually Hi, WATR supply stopped wrad 38 past 6 hours residents suffering badly
mosquito problem ward no 15 behind the mall no fogging 3 din se
basically Wardd no 8 में नाली बंद है past 6 hours से सड़क पर गंदा पानी Kab tak wait karein???
u see nullah blocked ward 35 mosquito breeding happening We are very tired of this.
hi, wrong property tax assessment ward no 28 propety
to whom it may concern, bhari water leakage near the park sadak bhar gayi
like road tar came off महीने भर से hadapsar only stones left Very disappointed with MC.
w-6 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua since the rain se Please take urgent action!!!
we called the garbge number 3 times wrd no 19 no response This is ridiculous!
actually hi, bhari wter leakage in our colony sadak bhar gayi
like Hi, supply cut without notice ward 31 past 6 hours We are very tired of this.
This is to inform you that Vikhroli में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
yaar hi, toilet band rehta hai dharavi mein kya fayda STILL not resolved!!!
I want to report that nahi aa rha paani Shivaji Nagar mein plz koi to suno
Hi, mutation request pending Wadala since yesterday please process
Hello sir, property tax portal down cannot pay ward no 16
yaar to whom it may concern, pipe leaking outside at the signal ward 13 creating pothole also कब होगा काम???
like big wateer leak w-5 3 din se nobody coming to fix
manhole COVER missing at the main road BANDRA West someone will fall
I mean It's been since MONDAY and still mom ko heart PROBLEM hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward NO 6 Disgusting situation.
you know hello sir, ward 40 near the temple nali band hai since last month se badbu aa rahi This is ridiculous!
like dear mc, w-10 में at the naka के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक Very disappointed with MC.
to whom it may concern, ward 15 में नाली बंद है since the monsoon से सड़क पर गंदा पानी कब होगा काम???
I mean stray cattle blocking road ward 36 sinc last month Very disappointed with MC.
like i want to report that gutter overflow ward 34 people walking in waste water
I mean I want to report that street light not working ward 45 in the lane for 5 days very dark at night Very disappointed with MC.
dear mc, potholes on main road wardd 46 causing accidents for 10 days
this is to inform you that road pe gadd hai at the signal malviya nagar bike wale girte hain
respected officer, matunga में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Kab tak wait karein???
u see despite our previous complaints, ward no 23 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें Kab tak wait karein???
bhai baarish ke baad drain overflow wrd 1 mein road nahi dikh raha Disgusting situation.
sir It's been for 5 DAYS and still road pe gadd hai near the park ward 10 bike wale GIRTE hain This is ridiculous!
hi, paani ki problem hai ward 1 mein for 5 dyas se nala band hogaya When will this be fixed??
Hi, paid ₹5000 property tax but still showing dues ward 48 कब होगा काम???
bhai hi, laxmi nagar mein death certificate nahi mila for 5 days se urgent hai
To whom it may concern, unauthorized building wrad no 2 plz stop
Respected officer, drain choked ward 25 since the monsoon foul smell health hazard Please take urgent action!!!
हमारे w-16 में since 3 days से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे This is ridiculous!
u see mosquito breeding open drain ward 40 health risk
like all street lamps broken wardd 10 completely dark Nobody is listening to us.
Respected officer, 3 people in my building got dengue Chembur pls spray
u see toilet band REHTA hai W-7 MEIN kya fayda
urgent complaint: ward no 7 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain since the rain se bahut takleef
urgent complaint: toilet broken and stinking wrd no 20 nobody cleaning Please take urgent action!!!
I mean Respected officer, W-19 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति from last tuesday से बाधित है
hi, people dumping garbage near station ward no 9 very unhygienic STILL not resolved!!!
u see to whom it may concern, bandra west at the naka nali band hai past 2 weeks se badbu aa rahi STILL not resolved!!!
Hi, stray cattle blocking road ward no 22 kaafi dino se कब होगा काम???
like Hi, garbage lying on road wrad no 11 since morning disease risk STILL not resolved!!!
this is to inform you that ₹5000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward no 3 Very disappointed with MC.
tbh hello sir, w-7 office se birth certificate nahi mila sinc 3 days se कब होगा काम???
sir TO whom it may concern, building plan submitted W-19 SINCE LAST month no response कब होगा काम???
you know manhole cover missing at the junction w-17 someone will fall
actually municiple tanker not coming to ward 41 for 2 days
sir urgent cmplt: maa ka certificate chahiye w-5 office se 1 hafte se ho gaye
actually Dear MC, pipe toot gayi at the naka WARD 12 ke paas jaldi aao
u see ward 29 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Please take urgent action!!!
sir urgent complaint: wator pipe cracked wrd 21 behind the mall road become muddy कब होगा काम???
it's been sine the rain and still property mutation not done ward no 6 applied since the rain ago When will this be fixed??
I mean it's been for 2 day and still illegal dump outside my house ward 23 flies mosquitoes everywhere Disgusting situation.
basically Hello SIR, bhari WATER leakage AT the junction SADAK bhar GAYI STILL not resolved!!!
like We the residents of ward 14 want to say that ward 14 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं We are very tired of this.
like khadda hai near THE park ward no 27 mein accident hua tha kal
big water leak Borivali FROM last tuesday nobody COMING to fix
hello sir, property mutation not done ward 34 applied from last tuesday ago
yaar Hi, property mutation not done ward 34 applied for 2 days ago Nobody is listening to us.
u see I want to report that ward no 14 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
like respected officer, meri beti ko dengue hua kurla mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua Please take urgent action!!!
despite our previous cmplts, wrd 44 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
tbh i want to report that wrd 49 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें कब होगा काम???
to whom it may concern, road full of potholes ward 17 since morning vehicles getting damaged STILL not resolved!!!
you know Urgent complaint: supply cut without notice ward 7 since 3 days
sir wrad no 13 near the market nali band hai since diwali se badbu aa rahi Kab tak wait karein???
like khadda hai in THE BYLANE ward 7 mein accident hua tha KAL When will this be fixed??
We the residents of ward 9 want to say that we r not getting water wadr 9 4 for 2 days wat is happening Please take urgent action!!!
Hello sir, road tar came off since yesterday ward no 23 only stones left Please take urgent action!!!
urgent complaint: water leakage in our colony ward 3 huge wastage please fix This has been going on too long.
yaar hello sir, tax notice came again even after paying w-10
hello sir, w-12 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili Disgusting situation.
I mean wrad 41 में near d-block कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Kab tak wait karein???
yaar Hi, nali choke ho GAYI ward 8 ganda PAANI sadak pe aa RAHA This has been going on too long.
tbh WARD no 29 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है When will this be fixed??
tbh i want to report that stinking garbaage pile opposite the hospital ward 25 dogs spreading it everywhere We are very tired of this.
sir Despite our previous complaints, proerty tax portal down cannot pay wrad 18 Disgusting situation.
u see ward no 18 behind the mall bina permission costrution ho raha hai Kab tak wait karein???
sir Hi, street light wire hanging loose near sector 7 wrd 46 shock risk Disgusting situation.
I mean this is to inform you that हमारे bandra west में since yesterday से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे Nobody is listening to us.
basically Wadala में भवन निर्माण अनुमति over a fortnight से लंबित है Kab tak wait karein???
tbh building permission ke liye from last tuesday wait kar raha hoon ward 35 This has been going on too long.
you know ward 15 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye Nobody is listening to us.
yaar garbage WALA nahi aaya Kurla in front OF MY BUILDING from 4 dayz se Please take urgent action!!!
basically water looks MUDDY W-17 at the corner past 2 weeks
I mean despite our previous complaints, toilet gandy hai at the main road ward 48 for the past week se safai karo
tbh No water in karol bagh from last tuesday
basically hello sir, correction needed birth certifcate ward 37 wrong name spelled
basically This is to inform you that mutation ka koi status nahi mila W-16 ka This has been going on too long.
It's been since the monsoon and still no public toilet ward 48 near the school open defecation happening Please take urgent action!!!
actually this is to inform you that ward 16 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए This has been going on too long.
tbh Hi, W-6 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें Disgusting situation.
bhai Despite our previous complaints, WADR 3 में for 5 days से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Kab tak wait karein???
Despite our previous complaints, dengue cases increasing wardd 32 stagnant water nt removed STILL not resolved!!!
you know construction waste dumped on road wardd 2 by builder STILL not resolved!!!
basically we the residents of ward no 21 want to say that garbage wala nahi aaya wrad no 21 near the park since diwali se
actually Hi, cylinder blast behind the mall W-15 need immediate help Very disappointed with MC.
to whom it may concern, कचरेवाले को बुलाया wadr 18 में पर कोई नहीं आया STILL not resolved!!!
u see despite our previous complaints, it rained and entire road disappeared w-6 only pits left कब होगा काम???
like this is to inform you that waterlogging after rain w-1 mosquito problem getting worse STILL not resolved!!!
I mean ₹8500 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 14
Dear mc, building permission ke liye over a fortnight wait kar raha hoon w-4
Hi, nali choke ho gayi ward 23 ganda PAANI sadak pe aa raha
Respected officer, building mein aag ward 6 jaldi aao This has been going on too long.
like this is to inform you that drainage overflow during rain w-14 flooding streets Please take urgent action!!!
basically Death certificate not issued shivaji nagar office snce diwali Very disappointed with MC.
you know respected officer, it rained and entire road disappeared wadala only pits left Please take urgent action!!!
sir It's been since yesterday and still garbage wala nahi aaya ward no 18 at the main road since yesterday se Kab tak wait karein???
tbh respected officer, my scooter fell in pothole w-2 at the junction i got hurt
bhai we the residents of ward 13 want to say that bhai wardd 13 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo We are very tired of this.
Hi, ward 8 में near the school अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है Kab tak wait karein???
It's been since monday and still massive crater sized pothole in our colony ward 36 since sinc monday When will this be fixed??
like despite our previous complaints, no streetlight ward no 2 at the corner theft increasing Kab tak wait karein???
i want to report that pack of dogs chasing people w-12 very scary Kab tak wait karein???
urgent complain: building plan submitted indiranagar sine last month no response Disgusting situation.
sir hi, tax notice aaya hai ward no 24 ka lekin payment ho chuki Very disappointed with MC.
bhai Respected officer, no public toilet W-9 opposite the hospital open defecation happening
basically Street light toot gayi at plot no 45 hadapsar from 4 days se Disgusting situation.
Despite our previous complains, gutter overflow ward 12 people walking in waste water This is ridiculous!
basically Hi, oc application pending SNCE diwali WARDD 44 office Kab tak wait karein???
sir Main pipeline burst ward 20 wter gushing out kaafi dino se Kab tak wait karein???
Hello sir, PROPRTY tax portal down CANNOT pay ward no 19 Disgusting situation.
actually respected officer, mutation request pending ward 37 since monday pleese process This has been going on too long.
basically it's been since last night and still matunga की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया Disgusting situation.
like hello sir, ₹3500 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward no 15
w-10 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for 2 dayz से लंबित है
yaar Dear mc, builder started work at night wadr 28 near station no permission Kab tak wait karein???
street light toot gayi in our colony shivaji nagar since monday se Kab tak wait karein???
urgnt cmplt: stray dogs not sterilized andheri east population increasing
despite our previous complains, tax notice aaya hai wadr 31 ka lekin payment ho chuki
actually We the residents OF W-18 WANT to say that MASSIVE CRATER sized phole near station W-18 since महीने भर से Kab tak wait karein???
garbaje truck not coming wardd no 6 for 10 dayz STILL not resolved!!!
actually I want to report that stray cattle blocking rood ward 49 past 2 weeks कब होगा काम???
actually I want TO report that wator supply stopped ward 47 1 hafte se RESIDENTS SUFFERING BADLY Please take urgent action!!!
i want to report that pipe leaking outside at the main road sion creating pothole also Please take urgent action!!!
I mean ward no 13 IN the BYLANE mein aag lagi hai fire brigade BULAO Very disappointed with MC.
sir W-12 में व्यापार लाइसेंस since the rain से लंबित है This has been going on too long.
I mean It's been over a fortnight and still W-12 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र over a fortnight से नहीं मिला कब होगा काम???
we the residents of w-18 want to say that property mutation not done w-18 applied since the rain ago
like W-1 near d-block mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
Despite our previous complaints, toilet band rehta hai w-8 mein kya fayda कब होगा काम???
you know Despite our previous complaints, pothole opposite the hospital w-11 bike accident happened yesterday Please take urgent action!!!
basically TO whom it MAY concern, commencement certificate nt RECEIVED ward 10 DESPITE approval
sir Hello sir, all street lamps broken ward 41 completely dark
tbh entire vile parle in darkness after 9pm for 10 days This is ridiculous!
hi, ward no 26 में near station कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध
tbh ward 5 at plot no 45 mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi We are very tired of this.
tbh tap is dry W-4 past 2 weeks please check the pipeline When will this be fixed??
tbh hello sir, ward 37 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति snce diwali से बाधित है
Hello sir, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi W-7 me since morning se
you know my baby born for 2 days certificate still not ready ward 5 This has been going on too long.
Despite our previous complaints, many stray dogs ward 19 at the junction biting residents कब होगा काम???
I mean It's been since last night and still BORIVALI ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Kab tak wait karein???
we the residents of wrad no 15 want to say that garbage collector takes money still not collecting ward no 15 When will this be fixed??
bhai we r not getting water ward 10 4 3 din se wat is happening
yaar pipe leaking outside at the naka w-10 creating pothole also STILL not resolved!!!
we the residents of sion want to say that dustbin bhar gayi sion mein khali karo plz कब होगा काम???
actually To whom it may concern, pipe leaking ward 45 at plot no 45 ROAD flooded Disgusting situation.
bhai urgent complaint: paid ₹5000 property tax but still showing dues ward 31
it's been sine the monsoon and still water pipe cracked ward no 1 near the temple road become muddy कब होगा काम???
in our colony wardd no 26 ka kuda uthao yaar for the past week se nahi utha कब होगा काम???
like to whom it may concern, aaj fir gira mai ward 29 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche Please take urgent action!!!
I mean Despite our previous complaints, toilet broken and stinking ward 35 nobody cleaning कब होगा काम???
urgent complaint: wrd 36 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Nobody is listening to us.
This is to inform you that paani ki bohot problem hai near d-block mein ward 39 ke andar Please take urgent action!!!
u see we the residents of w-18 want to say that huge potholes near d-block w-18 very dangerous When will this be fixed??
paani nahi aa raha govandi mein kaafi dino se se This has been going on too long.
u see MY scooter fell in POTTHOLE W-1 AT PLOT no 45 i got hurt When will this be fixed??
Hi, W-8 ki lgiht band hai chor ka dar lag raha HAI sach mein
hi, हमारे ward no 20 में 1 hafte se से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे This has been going on too long.
this is to inform you that पड़ोसी ने wadr no 7 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली We are very tired of this.
u see despite our previous complaints, ward no 25 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
Hi, safai nahi ho rahi ward 10 past 2 weeks se kachra uthao na We are very tired of this.
yaar toilet band rehta hai wrd 24 mein kya fayda Kab tak wait karein???
tbh w-4 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain STILL not resolved!!!
hi, public toilet w-14 very dirty not cleaned 1 hafte se Kab tak wait karein???
basically correction needed birth certificate ward 7 wrong name spelled Nobody is listening to us.
u see urgent complain: road pe gadd hai in the lane hadapsar bike wale girte hain We are very tired of this.
This is to inform you that MY baby born since yesterday CERTIFICATE still nt ready W-12
garbage lying on road wrad no 11 1 hafte se disease risk कब होगा काम???
it's been since 3 days and still ward 15 में at the naka अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है This is ridiculous!
It's been past 6 hours and still toilet gandy hai near the school W-19 past 6 hours se safai karo STILL not resolved!!!
tbh outside my house ward 24 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko This has been going on too long.
HI, illegall construction ward 22 IN the lane without permission
u see many stray dogs malviya nagar in the bylane biting residents
IT'S been sine last month and still light pole BROKEN Mulund dangerous live wire exposed Kab tak wait karein???
toilet always locked Sion at the signal useless facility Disgusting situation.
tbh hi, street light not working ward 14 near sector 7 महीने भर से very dark at night Nobody is listening to us.
bhai Respected officer, पड़ोसी ने Govandi में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली Disgusting situation.
I mean baarish ke baad drain overflow bandra west mein road nahi dikh raha Disgusting situation.
basically property tax portal down cannot pay vikhroli
Hello sir, wadr no 29 mein death certifcate NAHI mila FROM 4 dayz se urgent hai We are very tired of this.
you know this is to inform you that gutter overflow powai people walking in waste water This is ridiculous!
tbh pack of dogs chasing people wrd 48 very scary Kab tak wait karein???
ward 32 में नामांतरण 3 din se से लंबित है कब होगा We are very tired of this.
wrad 14 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं STILL not resolved!!!
u see It's been from last tuesday AND still road tar CAME off FROM last tuesday WRD no 24 only stones left
bhai PIPE leaking outside at the signal W-18 CREATING pothole ALSO
bhai stray cattle blocking road W-13 since the monsoon When will this be fixed??
tbh despite our previous complains, powai में स्ट्रीट लाइट since diwali से बंद है रात में अंधेरा कब होगा काम???
to whom it may concern, mosquito problem ward 7 outside my house no fogging past 6 hours Very disappointed with MC.
hi, road repair karo ward 37 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
I mean i want to report that oc application pending since monday ward 13 office
I mean Hello sir, tax demand notice for ward no 3 but payment done for 2 days ago कब होगा काम???
tbh urgent complaint: swm worker absent from ward 13 near sector 7 past 6 hours Kab tak wait karein???
basically URGENT COMPLAINT: BUILDING plan submitted ward 23 sine the monsoon no RESPONSE
It's been past 2 WEEKS and still water nto coming from tap in our colony Govandi कब होगा काम???
I mean road pe gadd hai in our colony w-4 bike wale girte hain Disgusting situation.
we the residents of wadr 11 want to say that bacche ka certficate nahi bana ward 11 mein over a fortnight lag gaye
you know Dear MC, Powai at the main road bina permission construction ho raha hai STILL not resolved!!!
u see hi, my area govandi has not seen garbage van since since morning Nobody is listening to us.
sir dear mc, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward no 1 colour bhi change hai Very disappointed with MC.
actually To whom it may concern, waterlogging after rain ward no 15 mosquito problem getting worse We are very tired of this.
bhai To whom it may concern, commencement certificate not received W-18 despite approval STILL not resolved!!!
To whom it may concern, applied birth cert ward no 27 since morning back no movement Nobody is listening to us.
you know Hello sir, w-15 mein paani ka pipe 3 din se se leak ho raha hai
To whom it may concern, main pipeline burst ward 32 water gushing out since diwali When will this be fixed??
you know IT'S been since the rain and still DUSTBIN bhar gayi W-10 mein khali karo please Very disappointed with MC.
respected officer, mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward no 3 ka STILL not resolved!!!
yaar This is to inform you that gaaye sadak pe khadi hain Powai traffic jam ho raha Nobody is listening to us.
I mean it's been for 10 days and still garbage wala nahi aaya ward 11 near station for 10 days se
you know Hello sir, construction without plan approval ward 28 Kab tak wait karein???
bhai Dear MC, kachra nahi utha W-10 mein since monday se bahut badbu This has been going on too long.
We the residents of ward no 20 want TO say that NULLAH BLOCKED ward no 20 mosquito breeding happening Nobody is listening to us.
I mean People dumping garbage at the main road ward 18 very unhygienic Disgusting situation.
bhai property tax portal down cannot pay w-5 This is ridiculous!
tbh hi, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward 4 में for 5 days से
sir despite our previous complaints, w-13 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain over a fortnight se bahut takleef STILL not resolved!!!
tbh laxmi nagar में 1 hafte se से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
you know Respected officer, BHAI wrad 25 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo STILL not resolved!!!
like Despite our previous complaints, pipe PHOOT GAYI ward 40 in front of MY building mein paani beh raha hai
yaar it's been over a fortnight and still हमारे w-7 में over a fortnight से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
to whom it may concern, outside my house ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya wrad 21 mein past 2 weeks se This has been going on too long.
I mean respected officer, ward 40 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi कब होगा काम???
sir people dumping garbaje near the school ward 3 very unhygienic
respected officer, near sector 7 ward 30 ka kuda uthao yaar past 2 weeks se nahi utha When will this be fixed??
I mean this is to inform you that safai nahi ho rahi w-12 sinc last month se kachra uthao na We are very tired of this.
We the residents of ward no 16 want to say that footpath pe encroachment hai at the corner ward no 16 mein STILL not resolved!!!
basically Wrd no 17 near the market में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
basically Urgent complaint: toilet always locked ward 27 in the bylane useless facility This is ridiculous!
you know i want to report that cylinder blast hua near station wrd 16 mein emergency
Urgent complaint: near the temple ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya W-11 mein since the rain se Disgusting situation.
i want to report that dog attack ward 16 near the market child got bitten please help कब होगा काम???
Urgent complaint: ward 28 की सड़क की हालत खराब है महीने भर से से मरम्मत नहीं Very disappointed with MC.
respected officer, no streetlight ward no 19 in our colony theft increasing When will this be fixed??
I want to report that entire W-19 in darkness after 9pm since last month Nobody is listening to us.
dear mc, garbage not collected ward 31 snce last month unbearable smell STILL not resolved!!!
like Dear MC, mutation request pending wadr 49 since morning pls process
sir despite our previous complaints, my scooter fell in pothole w-1 near the school i got hurt
you know Despite our previous complains, many stray dogs wadala in the lane biting residents
to whom it may concern, ward 8 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain 1 hafte se se bahut takleef This is ridiculous!
Despite our previous complaints, online payment fail HO gayi ward 19 mein paise kat gaye STILL not resolved!!!
bhai Respected officer, maa ka certificate chahiye ward no 25 office se since the rain ho gaye STILL not resolved!!!
like Dear mc, registered birth since morning but certiifcate not issued ward no 27
tbh to whom it may concern, karol bagh में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
bhai it's been past 6 hours and still maa ka certificate chahiye wardd 5 office se past 6 hours ho gaye
you know urgent complaint: gutter bhar gaya ward 4 mein log paani mein chal rahe This has been going on too long.
stray cattle blocking raod Indiranagar महीने भर से Nobody is listening to us.
sir Hello sir, wire latki HUI hai IN the bylane shock lag SAKTA hai KISI KO Very disappointed with MC.
yaar This is to inform you that property tax portal down cannot pay ward 17
sir it's been for the past week and still mosquito breeding open drain ward 49 health risk This is ridiculous!
we the residents of ward 15 want to say that manhole open hai at the naka koi gir jayega please cover lagao
bhai respected officer, cylinder blast in the lane ward 38 need immediate help We are very tired of this.
I mean Tap is dry indiranagar for 10 dyas please check the pipeline
you know It's been for 2 days and still कचरेवाले को बुलाया W-1 में पर कोई नहीं आया
like street light not working w-15 at plot no 45 from last tuesday very dark at night कब होगा काम???
basically urgent complain: wire latki hui hai at the junction shock lag sakta hai kisi ko Please take urgent action!!!
sir to whom it may concern, big water leak ward 11 since the monsoon nobody coming to fix Very disappointed with MC.
hello sir, near d-block ward 1 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
like We the residents of wardd 17 want to say that waste not picked wrad 17 near d-block 1 hafte se piling up on road Please take urgent action!!!
you know RESPECTED officer, street ligh WIRE hanging loose at the main road wrd 21 shock risk This has been going on too long.
hello sir, mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward 6 ka Very disappointed with MC.
Hello sir, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward no 4 colour bhi change hai
basically street light toot gayi near the temple wardd 6 since diwali se We are very tired of this.
respected officer, ward 34 near the temple में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Kab tak wait karein???
it's been from 4 dayz and still ward no 29 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Disgusting situation.
tbh we the residents of w-8 want to say that dustbin overflowing w-8 nto emptied since 3 days
Despite our previous complains, unauthorized building w-14 pls stop Nobody is listening to us.
I mean hello sir, stray cattle blocking road andheri east snce diwali
This is TO inform you that nali choke ho gayi wardd 9 ganda paani SADAK pe aa raha कब होगा काम???
tbh Despite our PREVIOUS complains, at the naka Hadapsar mein KUTTE BAHUT aggressive hain raat ko We are very tired of this.
basically malaria fear ward 15 drain not cleaned from last tuesday
tbh Urgent cmplt: correction needed birth certifcate chembur wrong name spelled
basically WE the RESIDENTS OF ward 5 want to SAY THAT TOILET gandy hai in THE lane ward 5 for 10 DAYS se safai karo
sir i want to report that at the signal wardd no 20 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है कब होगा काम???
this is to inform you that sewage smell unbearable ward 8 for 2 days kids cant go to school This is ridiculous!
actually wrd 27 at the junction में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं This is ridiculous!
you know Mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani w-10
I want to report that small fire ward 49 IN our colony before IT spreads please come
tbh Illegal constuction wrad 48 opposite the hospital without permission Very disappointed with MC.
like raat ko constuction chal raha tha ward 47 bina permission Kab tak wait karein???
We the residents of ward no 14 want to say that tap is dry ward no 14 for 10 days pls check the pipeline
bhai to whom it may concern, bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward 15 mein kaafi dino se lag gaye This is ridiculous!
basically we the residents of wardd 41 want to say that waste not picked wadr 41 at the junction past 2 weeks piling up on road We are very tired of this.
actually dear mc, w-18 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Disgusting situation.
sir it's been sinc monday and still applied trade license sine monday ago pimpri still waiting
I mean it's been 1 hafte se and still my shop has no license because ward 35 office not responding Kab tak wait karein???
This is to inform you that paani nahi aa raha ward no 8 mein over a fortnight se कब होगा काम???
yaar This is to inform you THAT gutter overflow W-11 PEOPLE walking in waste wator कब होगा काम???
bhai To whom it may concern, ward 22 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain since last NIGHT se bahut takleef
tbh hello sir, fire at building malviya nagar near the market pls send fire engine Very disappointed with MC.
actually this is to inform you that baarish ke baad drain overflow wrd 11 mein roda nahi dikh raha When will this be fixed??
I mean urgent complaint: costrution waste dumped on road ward 5 by builder This is ridiculous!
despite our previous complaints, indiranagar से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since morning से नहीं मिला This has been going on too long.
sir this is to inform you that mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward 24
sir Dear MC, ilegal constuction ward 47 at the main road without permission
basically this is to inform you that building plan submitted w-9 from last tuesday no response
sir drain blocked Malviya Nagar outside my house sewage overflowing on road Kab tak wait karein???
hi, brown water coming wrad 3 children getting sick
tbh respected officer, safai nahi ho rahi wrad 46 for the past week se kachra uthao na
basically to whom it may concern, major pipe burst near the park wrd no 22 water wasting कब होगा काम???
I mean I want to report that entire footpath occupied by shop near d-block wardd no 11 since the monsoon Kab tak wait karein???
pipe leaking INDIRANAGAR near station road flooded
yaar i want to report that at the corner ward no 14 ka kuda uthao yaar snce diwali se nahi utha Disgusting situation.
bhai Hi, W-12 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है SINCE yesterday से
Urgent complaint: sewage smell unbearable w-19 1 hafte se kids cant go to school This is ridiculous!
to whom it may concern, wire latki hui hai near d-block shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
you know HELLO SIR, commencement CERTIIFCATE nt RECEIVED ward 25 despite approval Nobody is listening to us.
respected officer, all street lamps broken wardd 6 completely dark
sir hello sir, main pipeline burst ward 34 water gushing out since the rain
actually i want to report that rood full of potholes wrad no 8 since last month vehicles getting damaged
I mean It's been sinc morning and still ward 22 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है
i want to report that ward 4 में नामांतरण snce 3 days से लंबित है कब होगा This has been going on too long.
bhai Despite our previous cmplts, my baby born since morning certficate still not ready wrad 25 Very disappointed with MC.
sir to whom it may concern, registered birth since monday but certificate not issued w-3 Nobody is listening to us.
u see This is to inform you that commencement certificate noot received ward 17 despite approval When will this be fixed??
basically hi, tax notice came again even after paying wadr 34 Disgusting situation.
basically registered birth sinc 3 day but certificate noot issued wrd 4
you know stinking garbage pile at the corner bandra west dogs spreading it everywhere
basically respected officer, ward no 17 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
hello sir, tax demand notice for malviya nagar but payment done since the rain ago Kab tak wait karein???
bhai footpath pe encroachment hai in front of my building ward no 27 mein This has been going on too long.
We the residents of ward 44 want to SAY that ward 44 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Nobody is listening to us.
I mean I want to report that ward 19 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi This is ridiculous!
sir Dear MC, proprty tax PORTAL down cannot pay W-10 Very disappointed with MC.
you know It's been for 5 days and still Chembur से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र for 5 days से नहीं मिला This is ridiculous!
like To whom it may concern, water pipe cracked ward 29 at THE SIGNAL RAOD become muddy
bhai hello sir, potholes on main road w-16 causing accidents since 3 days
u see to whom it may concern, wardd 19 office se birth certificate nahi mila for 2 dayz se
you know Dear MC, property tax portal down cannot pay Hadapsar
yaar Dear MC, गड्ढे की वजह से ward no 1 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
Hello sir, गड्ढे की वजह से ward no 22 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Very disappointed with MC.
I mean despite our previous cmplts, ward 9 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
Meri beti ko dengue hua wrd 34 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
Urgent complaint: cylinder blast HUA in our colony ward 40 mein emergency Kab tak wait karein???
u see Dear MC, applied for mutation since monday no update W-17 Kab tak wait karein???
bhai to whom it may concern, toilet broken and stinking ward no 11 nobody cleaning कब होगा काम???
Despite our previous complains, illegal dump at the main road ward 36 flies mosquitoes everywhere Nobody is listening to us.
we the residents of wrd no 26 want to say that major pipe burst at the main road ward no 26 water wasting
Respected officer, pipe toot gayi at the main road ward 24 ke paas jaldi aao This has been going on too long.
respected officer, we called the garbage number 3 times ward 47 no response
hi, garbage not colected powai over a fortnight unbearable smell Very disappointed with MC.
Paani ki problem hai w-11 mein since the monsoon se nala band hogaya Nobody is listening to us.
urgent cmplt: garbage lying on road koramangala 3 din se disease risk
u see Despite our previous complaints, property tax portal down cannot pay bandra west Kab tak wait karein???
urgnt complaint: पड़ोसी ने malviya nagar में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली Very disappointed with MC.
you know Trade license ke liye over a fortnight se wait kar raha hoon w-13
like Urgent complain: public toilet w-13 very dirty not cleaned since 3 days Kab tak wait karein???
tbh I want to report that entire Bandra West in darkness after 9pm since diwali
you know Hello sir, my area ward 3 has noot SEEN garbage van since since monday Very disappointed with MC.
basically To whom it may concern, WRAD no 26 mein ligth nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
tbh Urgnt cmplt: wter looks muddy ward 15 opposite the hospital past 2 weeks Disgusting situation.
kachra nahi utha wrad 45 mein from last tuesday se bahut badbu
actually urgent complaint: garbage lying on road ward 28 sinc monday disease risk
WE the residents of ward no 11 want to SAY that in the bylane ka footpath DUKAN ne gheer liya wrd no 11 mein from last tuesday se
my scooter fell IN pothole ward 29 behind the MALL i got hurt Very disappointed with MC.
you know To whom it may concern, paani nahi aa raha ward 43 mein snce last night se Kab tak wait karein???
huge potholes in the bylane ward 10 very dangerous
manhole cover missing near the temple wrad no 25 someone will fall When will this be fixed??
you know despite our previous complaints, w-16 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi Disgusting situation.
you know DESPITE our PREVIOUS complaints, building permission ke liye past 2 weeks wait KAR RAHA hoon ward 30 This has been going on too long.
basically we the residents of ward 44 want to say that ward 44 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai कब होगा काम???
respected officer, my area ward no 28 has not seen grabage van since महीने भर से This is ridiculous!
tbh Despite our previous cmplts, street light toot gayi at the junction wrad 44 since the monsoon se
despite our previous cmplts, swm worker absent from wadr no 8 at plot no 45 for 10 day कब होगा काम???
bhai Despite our previous COMPLAINTS, death registered BUT certiifcate PENDING ward no 13 कब होगा काम???
bhai we the residents of ward 19 want to say that wire latki hui hai at the main road shock lag sakta hai kisi ko Disgusting situation.
Dear MC, tap is dry Kurla since last NIGHT plz check the pipeline
bhai It's been since yesterday and still pothole at the corner ward no 13 bike accident happened yesterday Very disappointed with MC.
w-18 mein mutation nahi hua for 10 days se apply kiya tha When will this be fixed??
I want to report that MACHHAR bahut hain wrad 20 since monday se SPRAY kab karoge
This is to inform you that ward 10 mein mutation nahi hua sinc 3 days se apply kiya tha When will this be fixed??
bhai i want to report that paani nahi aa raha borivali mein 3 din se se This has been going on too long.
actually Hi, kab aayega paani Hadapsar mein itna wait kar RAHE hain
sir wardd no 12 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है since last month से कब होगा काम???
We the residents of ward 48 want to say that open manhole in the lane ward 48 very dangerous especially at night
To whom it may CONCERN, water pressure VERY low IN the LANE WARD 42 since LAST night barely enough
you know respected officer, manhole open hai near the school koi gir jayega please cover lagao कब होगा काम???
to whom it may concern, wrad no 2 mein paani ka pipe since the monsoon se leak ho raha hai STILL not resolved!!!
hi, applied for mutation since diwali no update wrd 3
despite our previous complaints, wadala at the naka mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi We are very tired of this.
bhai We the RESIDENTS of Kurla want TO SAY that massive crater sized pothole IN the lane KURLA snce SINE YESTERDAY Kab tak wait karein???
I want to report that dustbin bhar gayi ward no 4 mein khali karo pls
I mean ward 42 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since 3 days से नहीं मिला कब होगा काम???
like urgent complain: pack of dogs chasing people vile parle very scary
dear mc, birth certificate not received wrad 13 office for 2 dayz We are very tired of this.
dear mc, huge potholes near the school santacruz very dangerous Disgusting situation.
bhai ward 1 में near station कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध
respected officer, trade license renewal pending from last tuesday shop ward 14 This is ridiculous!
nullah blocked ward no 14 mosquito breeding happening
to whom it may concern, pipe leaking santacruz at the naka road flooded कब होगा काम???
actually this is to inform you that teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward 33 ka kuda uthane When will this be fixed??
i want to report that wire latki hui hai near sector 7 shock lag sakta hai kisi ko This has been going on too long.
actually my baby born for 10 days certifcate still not ready wadr no 3 Nobody is listening to us.
bhai dear mc, my shop has no license because ward no 21 office not responding When will this be fixed??
basically dear mc, fire broke out at the naka ward no 11 fire brigade delayed
Despite our previous complaints, no water in W-5 past 2 weeks This is ridiculous!
I mean dear mc, stray cattle blocking rood ward no 11 past 2 weeks When will this be fixed??
I mean It's been since last night and still illegal building ban raha hai Kurla mein rok do
I mean Urgent complaint: applied birth cert wrd 42 sinc diwali back no movement Kab tak wait karein???
paani ki problem hai chembur mein snce monday se nala band hogaya
sir brown wator coming ward 21 children getting sick When will this be fixed??
yaar Respected officer, aaj fir gira mai ward 33 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche STILL not resolved!!!
yaar garbage collector takes money still not collecting ward 6
like we the residents of w-16 want to say that construction without plan approval w-16
this is to inform you that ward 17 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge When will this be fixed??
This is to inform you that पड़ोसी ने Thane में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली We are very tired of this.
It's been from last tuesday and still tax notice aaya hai ward no 27 ka lekin payment ho chuki This is ridiculous!
you know illegal building ban raha hai ward 39 mein rok do When will this be fixed??
u see Hi, Vikhroli near the school में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं We are very tired of this.
u see We the residents of ward 42 want to say that ward 42 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय since last night से साफ नहीं हुआ Kab tak wait karein???
despite our previous complaints, road full of potholes ward 27 snce yesterday vehicles getting damaged
bhai It's been over a fortnight and still water LEAKAGE at THE main road Indiranagar HUGE wastage please fix
basically It's BEEN since diwali and still dustbin bhar gayi wrad 46 mein khali karo PLEASE When will this be fixed??
urgent complaint: mulund office mein plan submit kiya for the past week reply nahi कब होगा काम???
गड्ढे की वजह से wrd no 7 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
i want to report that nahi aa rha paani wrad no 10 mein pls koi to suno Disgusting situation.
AAJ bhi ward 23 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo When will this be fixed??
despite our previous complaints, building mein aag w-13 jaldi aao When will this be fixed??
like paani ki problem hai ward 22 mein 1 hafte se se nala band hogaya Kab tak wait karein???
despite our previous complaints, wadr 28 में स्ट्रीट लाइट sine the monsoon से बंद है रात में अंधेरा Please take urgent action!!!
yaar Despite our previous complaints, wrad no 4 में outside my house अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
my shop has no license because ward no 26 office not responding This has been going on too long.
sir potholes on main road malviya nagar causing accidents for 5 dyas
tbh dear mc, dengue cases increasing sion stagnant water noot removed We are very tired of this.
we the residents of ward no 25 want to say that safai nahi ho rahi ward no 25 for 2 days se kachra uthao na Nobody is listening to us.
you know It's been 1 hafte se and still sewage smell unbearable Vikhroli 1 hafte se kids cant go to school
you know ward 40 mein death certificate nahi mila since yesterday se urgent hai
like this is to inform you that dengue cases increasing vikhroli stagnant water not removed We are very tired of this.
bhai DEAR MC, pack OF dogs chasing people WARD no 2 VERY scary Please take urgent action!!!
respected officer, costrution waste dumped on road wadr 40 by builder Very disappointed with MC.
sir To whom it may concern, naam galat likha hai certifcate mein ward 37 ka Kab tak wait karein???
respected officer, builder started work at night ward no 26 at the main road no permission
I mean dear mc, ward no 18 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
actually ward no 10 में कचरा गाड़ी since the rain से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है This has been going on too long.
u see Dear MC, wadr 40 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Kab tak wait karein???
respected officer, ward 38 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi When will this be fixed??
u see this is to inform you that pipe leaking outside in the lane wrd no 16 creating pothole also Kab tak wait karein???
i want to report that fire at building wrad 9 outside my house pls send fire engine
yaar This is to inform you that kachra nahi utha karol bagh mein since monday se bahut badbu When will this be fixed??
u see WARDD 42 office SE birth CERTIFICATE nahi mila past 2 weeks SE Disgusting situation.
sir we the residents of ward no 4 want to say that constraction waste dumped on road ward no 4 by builder We are very tired of this.
it's been since the monsoon and still ward no 20 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi
like i want to report that new trade license not processed hadapsar snce monday
I mean pipe leaking outside near the temple wadr 18 creating pothole also When will this be fixed??
bhai Hi, road broken BADLY WARD 47 in front of my building car tyres punctured 2 times
like W-9 में past 2 weeks से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय We are very tired of this.
you know i want to report that illegal construction ward no 13 in front of my building without permission This is ridiculous!
yaar to whom it may concern, open manhole in the bylane laxmi nagar very dangerous especially at night This has been going on too long.
basically Urgnt complaint: गड्ढे की वजह से ward no 19 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
actually we the residents of ward 36 want to say that entire ward 36 in darkness after 9pm for the past week
u see massive crater sized POTHOLE near station ward NO 13 since past 6 hours Disgusting situation.
yaar It's been snce last month and still ward no 24 में नाली बंद है sinc last month से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
I mean to whom it may concern, ward 44 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है STILL not resolved!!!
to whom it may concern, constraction waste dumped on roaad ward 27 by builder
basically to whom it may concern, builder started work at night ward 42 at the naka no permission Please take urgent action!!!
tbh dear mc, all street lamps broken sion completely dark We are very tired of this.
actually street light wire hanging loose at the main road ward no 23 shock risk कब होगा काम???
I mean Hello sir, ward 20 में at the junction के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक
to whom it may concern, wrad no 11 in the bylane mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao STILL not resolved!!!
actually urgent complaint: mosquito breeding open drain ward 11 health risk STILL not resolved!!!
sir it's been kaafi dino se and still stray dogs not sterilized wrd no 11 population increasing
dear mc, commencement certificate not received w-12 despite approval Very disappointed with MC.
hello sir, aaj bhi ward 37 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
actually Water pipe cracked ward 43 near the park road become muddy
sir oc application pending since diwali MALVIYA Nagar OFFICE Very disappointed with MC.
pipe leaking wrad 47 at the corner roda flooded Nobody is listening to us.
Respected officer, ward no 13 mein paani ka pipe past 2 weeks se leak ho raha hai Please take urgent action!!!
sir It's been snce monday and still kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi W-4 me since monday se This has been going on too long.
to whom it may concern, road repair karo ward 44 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar Very disappointed with MC.
you know respected officer, w-5 mein paani band hai snce yesterday se log taras rahe hain Kab tak wait karein???
I mean Hi, behind the mall KA FOOTPATH dukan NE gheer liya W-14 mein since monday SE
sir it's been past 6 hours and still malaria fear wardd 24 drain noot cleaned past 6 hours
sir dog attack santacruz in front of my building child got bitten please help Kab tak wait karein???
actually Respected officer, construction without plan approval Koramangala When will this be fixed??
HELLO SIR, people dumping GARBGE near sector 7 ward 31 VERY unhygienic Kab tak wait karein???
like trade license renewal pending since last night shop ward no 23 This is ridiculous!
I mean hi, ward no 22 में near the park अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
u see i want to report that pack of dogs chasing people ward 41 very scary Kab tak wait karein???
hi, all street lamps broken ward 33 completely dark कब होगा काम???
sir गड्ढे की वजह से W-13 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
basically Hello sir, ward 14 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं Please take urgent action!!!
bhai to whom it may concern, construction without plan approval malviya nagar
sir it's been sinc morning and still pipe phoot gayi laxmi nagar near the temple mein paani beh raha hai Kab tak wait karein???
like Paid ₹25000 proprty tax but still showing dues laxmi nagar
Ward 11 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति kaafi dino se से बाधित है This is ridiculous!
URGENT complaint: main pipeline burst ward no 15 water gushing out since 3 days Please take urgent action!!!
I mean I want to report that teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward no 11 ka kuda uthane Please take urgent action!!!
basically This IS to INFORM you THAT entire footpath OCCUPIED by SHOP in OUR colony ward no 16 since monday We are very tired of this.
bhai i want to report that machhar bahut hain chembur snce 3 days se spray kab karoge Kab tak wait karein???
you know Laxmi NAGAR opposite the hospital mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao Please take urgent action!!!
supply cut without notice ward 41 kaafi dino se Very disappointed with MC.
tbh it's been since the rain and still w-16 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया Disgusting situation.
actually mutation ka koi status nahi mila w-4 ka Disgusting situation.
like applied for mutation since last night no update ward 43
We the residents of W-5 want to say that swm worker absent from W-5 at the junction for 10 days
Dear MC, need death certificate urgently ward 22 for insurance Very disappointed with MC.
yaar Thane में नाली बंद है OVER a fortnight से सड़क पर गंदा पानी कब होगा काम???
to whom it may concern, road condition pathetic ward no 27 multiple potholes for the past week कब होगा काम???
this is to inform you that unauthorized building wadr 13 please stop Disgusting situation.
bhai it's been for the past week and still w-18 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति for the past week से बाधित है
yaar we the residents of ward 47 want to say that ward 47 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है This is ridiculous!
actually respected officer, road dug up for constraction never repaired shivaji nagar 3 din se This is ridiculous!
u see i want to report that need death certificate urgently ward no 25 for insurance
it's been since yesterday and still ward no 23 में in front of my building कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध
This is to inform you that many stray dogs W-5 at the junction biting residents
like I want to report that municpal tanker not coming to Andheri East for 2 dyas Please take urgent action!!!
despite our previous complaints, dharavi में भवन निर्माण अनुमति 3 din se से लंबित है Very disappointed with MC.
yaar despite our previous complains, ward 16 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं Please take urgent action!!!
yaar this is to inform you that maa ka certficate chahiye ward 25 office se past 2 weeks ho gaye कब होगा काम???
sir Hi, my baby born for 5 days certficate still not ready ward 23
u see this is to inform you that watr not coming from tap near sector 7 wadr no 15 This has been going on too long.
I mean my scooter fell in pothole ward no 20 in the lane i got hurt
actually wardd no 2 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe
you know People dumping garbaage in front of my building ward 7 very unhygienic This has been going on too long.
we the residents of ward no 27 want to say that water has weird smell and colour ward no 27 Disgusting situation.
yaar This is to inform you that w-11 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi We are very tired of this.
despite our previous complaints, street light wire hanging loose near the temple ward no 3 shock risk When will this be fixed??
my area W-1 has not seen garbage van since past 2 weeks
bhai It's been sine the monsoon and still pipe toot gayi near the park ward 43 ke paas jaldi aao When will this be fixed??
it's been since monday and still ward 21 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति since monday से बाधित है We are very tired of this.
it's been since 3 dayz and still street ligth toot gayi near the park ward no 23 since 3 dyas se
despite our previous complaints, ward no 15 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है Very disappointed with MC.
you know this is to inform you that tap is dry w-1 for the past week pls check the pipeline STILL not resolved!!!
basically toilet always locked thane at the main road useless facility
actually Hi, water has weird smell and colour ward no 15 Kab tak wait karein???
i want to report that entire footpath occupied by shop near d-block wrd 39 from 4 days
hi, water has weird smell and colour ward no 17 When will this be fixed??
you know Urgent cmplt: paid proprty tax ward 14 but receipt noot received
sir wrad 11 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है This has been going on too long.
yaar RESPECTED officer, water PRESSURE very low outside my house W-6 past 2 weeks barely enough When will this be fixed??
u see we the residents of ward 43 want to say that mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgnt chahiye paani wardd 43
To whom it may concern, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai wrd no 10 colour bhi change hai
u see urgent complaint: waterlogging after rain malviya nagar mosquito problem getting worse
bhai Respected officer, pipe leaking outside outside my house ward no 6 creating pothole also
you know respected officer, builder started work at night w-5 near sector 7 no permission Very disappointed with MC.
this is to inform you that waste not picked wadr no 16 near the park for the past week piling up on roaad
Dear MC, waterlogging after rain ward 45 mosquito problem getting worse
you know Despite our previous COMPLAINTS, garbage wala NAHI aaya Matunga at the naka past 2 weeks se Very disappointed with MC.
I mean dear mc, drainage overflow during rain wadr 43 flooding streets
it's been since last month and still cow sitting on main road malviya nagar traffic blocked When will this be fixed??
It's been sinc diwali and still sewage smell unbearable ward no 3 since diwali kids cant go to school Very disappointed with MC.
IT'S been past 6 hours and still street light toot gayi IN front of MY building W-9 past 6 hours se Kab tak wait karein???
you know we the residents of wardd 6 want to say that unauthorized building ward 6 pls stop कब होगा काम???
like hello sir, malaria fear ward 42 drain nto cleaned from 4 days This is ridiculous!
garbage truck not coming ward no 13 महीने भर से This has been going on too long.
to whom it may concern, no water since 3 din se in wrd 39 when will tanker come कब होगा काम???
basically dear mc, हमारे ward 3 में since last month से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward 27 mein urgent karo Nobody is listening to us.
actually fire broke out near station wardd 27 fire brigade delayed Very disappointed with MC.
u see respected officer, ward 39 near the school में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
like hi, we called the garbge number 3 times shivaji nagar no response
tbh IT'S been past 2 weeks and still stinking garbaje pile near the school W-18 DOGS spreading IT EVERYWHERE This is ridiculous!
malaria fear ward 17 drain not cleaned 3 din se
sewage smell unbearable Thane since last month kids cant go to school We are very tired of this.
tbh wrad 4 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe
tbh No streetlight dharavi in the bylane theft increasing
no response to building permission application Vikhroli from last tuesday Very disappointed with MC.
you know no response to building permission APPLICATION MULUND since the monsoon
yaar Respected officer, neighbor built extra floor without permission W-18 कब होगा काम???
water not coming from tap near the park Dharavi
i want to report that पड़ोसी ने wrd no 19 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली
bhai Respected officer, wire latki hui hai opposite the hospital shock lag sakta hai kisi ko STILL not resolved!!!
like Urgent complaint: aaj fir gira mai ward no 27 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche We are very tired of this.
my baby born for 10 days certifcate still nto ready W-3
Urgent complaint: ward no 14 at plot no 45 NALI BAND hai past 2 weeks SE BADBU aa rahi
like hi, toilet always locked ward 32 near sector 7 useless facility Kab tak wait karein???
tbh Despite our previous complaints, construction without plan approval ward no 13 Please take urgent action!!!
sir I want TO report that kachra nahi utha Thane mein 3 din SE SE bahut badbu We are very tired of this.
To whom it may concern, dustbin overflowing Matunga not emptied for the past week Please take urgent action!!!
basically dear mc, wrad 2 office se birth certificate nahi mila sine 3 days se
u see roaad repair karo w-11 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar Kab tak wait karein???
this is to inform you that water supply stopped ward no 19 for 5 dyas residents suffering badly This has been going on too long.
No water in w-2 from last tuesday
urgent complaint: constraction without plan approval w-16
sir paani ki problem hai w-8 mein since yesterday se nala band hogaya This has been going on too long.
actually neighbor built extra floor without permission w-4
you know wrong property tax assessment wrad no 8 property Very disappointed with MC.
I mean ward 1 में मच्छरों की समस्या since last month से है STILL not resolved!!!
yaar dear mc, borivali ka propety tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
Hello sir, gutter overflow Mulund people walking IN waste water
to whom it may concern, fire at building ward 29 near sector 7 please send fire engine कब होगा काम???
this is to inform you that bhari wateer leakage in the bylane sadak bhar gayi
sir stray cattle blocking road W-10 महीने भर से STILL not resolved!!!
basically ward no 2 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें We are very tired of this.
पड़ोसी ने ward no 22 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली कब होगा काम???
basically this is to inform you that paid ₹3500 property tax but still showing dues ward 43
u see hi, ward 14 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
To WHOM it may concern, public TOILET ward 14 very dirty not CLEANED kaafi dino se We are very tired of this.
yaar It's been महीने भर से and still applied birth cert ward 27 महीने भर से back no movement
bhai dear mc, water from tap karol bagh yellow coloured not drinkable
To whom it may CONCERN, ward NO 18 mein mutation nahi hua SINCE morning se APPLY kiya THA
actually It's BEEN since last month and still road broken badly WARD no 4 at the corner CAR TYRES punctured 2 times
you know This is to inform you that ward no 3 near station mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi
sir municipal tanker noot coming to wrd no 20 for the past week
actually Hello sir, cylinder blast in the lane ward 45 need immediate help
it's been over a fortnight and still builder ne maal near the park wrd 37 road pe daal diya hata do Disgusting situation.
basically i want to report that baarish ke baad drain overflow wardd 20 mein road nahi dikh raha We are very tired of this.
I mean hello sir, we r not getting water bandra west 4 past 2 weeks wat is happening
u see paani ki bohot problem hai near sector 7 mein ward no 26 ke andar This has been going on too long.
tbh despite our previous complaints, we r not getting water ward 45 4 from 4 days wat is happening We are very tired of this.
bhai dear mc, gutter bhar gaya wadr 49 mein log paani mein chal rahe We are very tired of this.
yaar street light not working ward 19 in the lane since last month very dark at night Nobody is listening to us.
brown water coming ward 12 children getting sick
Dear MC, W-11 mein death certificate nahi mila since monday SE urgent hai This is ridiculous!
basically W-6 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र sine yesterday से नहीं मिला This is ridiculous!
Dear MC, brown water coming ward 6 children getting sick
tbh Dear MC, dengue cases increasing Matunga stagnant water not removed Nobody is listening to us.
u see we the residents of ward 17 want to say that ward 17 mein death certificate nahi mila for 5 dyas se urgent hai
to whom it may concern, nahi aa rha paani wrd no 26 mein pleese koi to suno
u see road repair karo wrad no 15 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
like road tar came off for 10 days wrd 25 only stones left
you know dear mc, wire latki hui hai at the naka shock lag sakta hai kisi ko Please take urgent action!!!
dear mc, ward 29 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe कब होगा काम???
wrong proprty tax assessment ward 17 proprty STILL not resolved!!!
it's been sinc yesterday and still hadapsar mein paani band hai since yesterday se log taras rahe hain
bhai Despite our previous COMPLAINTS, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward 44 में since monday से We are very tired of this.
tbh Dear MC, in the bylane ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward 23 mein SINCE the monsoon se
1 lgiht working out of 10 in ward NO 20 rest ALL dead
to whom it may concern, online property tax payment failed amount some amount deducted wadr no 7
tbh Urgent complaint: oc application pending for 2 DAYS Shivaji Nagar OFFICE When will this be fixed??
you know this is to inform you that illegl building ban raha hai ward no 13 mein rok do
basically despite our previous complaints, public toilet ward 31 very dirty not cleaned past 6 hours We are very tired of this.
u see Pipe toot gayi near the school karol bagh ke paas jaldi aao We are very tired of this.
HI, at the main ROAD ka footpath dukan ne GHEER liya wardd no 10 mein महीने भर से se
tbh IT'S been past 6 hours and still FIRE noc required Hadapsar not getting it
Hi, some amount bhar diye phir bhi DUE show ho raha HAI ward no 5 Kab tak wait karein???
u see to whom it may concern, ward no 25 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है महीने भर से से
actually toilet gandy hai in the bylane ward no 19 for 5 days se safai karo
This is to inform YOU that DEATH certificate not ISSUED ward no 4 office kaafi dino se Kab tak wait karein???
you know road tar came off since last month ward no 16 only stones left
tbh Urgent complaint: aaj bhi ward 43 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo This is ridiculous!
fire broke out behind the mall wadr no 18 fire brigade delayed
actually This is to inform you that property mutation not done W-12 applied for the past week ago When will this be fixed??
I mean To whom it may concern, kab aayega paani wardd 45 mein itna wait kar rahe hain Please take urgent action!!!
basically hi, unauthorized building ward 2 please stop
basically dear mc, street light toot gayi outside my house ward no 11 महीने भर से se When will this be fixed??
sir huge potholes at the junction ward no 17 very dangerous This is ridiculous!
this is to inform you that correction needed birth certificate w-7 wrong name spelled
actually hello sir, builder started work at night ward 25 at plot no 45 no permission We are very tired of this.
actually this is to inform you that w-12 में नामांतरण since diwali से लंबित है कब होगा
yaar Dear MC, water pressure very low opposite the hospital ward 3 for the past week barely enough
We the residents of Malviya Nagar want to say that water has weird smell and colour Malviya Nagar Please take urgent action!!!
you know we the residents of w-17 want to say that bhai w-17 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
dear mc, waste not picked w-11 opposite the hospital since yesterday piling up on road
registered birth past 2 weeks but certificate nt issued ward 43 This has been going on too long.
bhai respected officer, dirty smelly water supply wrd 45 since last night health risk Disgusting situation.
yaar tax notice came again even after paying shivaji nagar When will this be fixed??
dear mc, pack of dogs chasing people ward 23 very scary STILL not resolved!!!
tbh pothole near the school WRAD 42 bike accident happened yesterday This has been going on too long.
basically urgent complaint: pipe phoot gayi ward 32 near station mein paani beh raha hai Very disappointed with MC.
i want to report that ₹12000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward no 21 Nobody is listening to us.
I mean despite our previous complaints, gutter overflow ward 44 people walking in waste water Kab tak wait karein???
sir dear mc, waste not picked ward 28 near d-block since the monsoon piling up on road When will this be fixed??
yaar respected officer, huge potholes opposite the hospital ward no 26 very dangerous Disgusting situation.
I mean we the residents of mulund want to say that construction without plan approval mulund This has been going on too long.
Dear MC, applied BIRTH cert wardd 8 past 6 hours back no movement Disgusting situation.
huge potholes in our colony ward 12 very dangerous STILL not resolved!!!
yaar hi, w-19 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है over a fortnight से Disgusting situation.
tbh Dear mc, malaria fear ward 19 drian not cleaned for 2 dyas
actually This is to inform you that ward 40 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi
yaar respected officer, ward no 17 में व्यापार लाइसेंस for 5 days से लंबित है कब होगा काम???
like dear mc, builder ne maal at the main road ward 42 road pe daal diya hata do We are very tired of this.
u see DEAR MC, brown water coming W-19 CHILDREN getting sick Please take urgent action!!!
I mean hi, public toilet ward 48 very dirty not cleaned since morning STILL not resolved!!!
garbage collector takes money still noot collecting W-16 Disgusting situation.
Water looks muddy ward 15 at the junction kaafi dino se
basically Respected officer, garbage not colectd borivali 1 hafte se unbearable smell
wrong property tax assessment ward 19 property
I want to report that raat ko construction chal raha tha ward 49 bina permission Kab tak wait karein???
this is to inform you that garbage truck nto coming wrad 32 since morning Disgusting situation.
Hi, ward no 11 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since the rain से नहीं मिला
basically Urgent complaint: dustbin BHAR GAYI ward 13 mein khali karo please कब होगा काम???
I mean despite our previous complaints, applied for mutation for 2 days no update wrd no 5
bhai toilet band rehta hai wardd 43 mein KYA fayda
you know paid ₹12000 property tax but still showing dues vile parle When will this be fixed??
actually respected officer, w-3 in the lane mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi Disgusting situation.
you know pack of dogs chasing people wardd 1 very scary कब होगा काम???
Dear MC, garbage truck not coming ward no 12 since yesterday STILL not resolved!!!
tbh it's been for 5 days and still construction waste dumped on road ward no 19 by builder When will this be fixed??
tbh dear mc, pipe leaking outside in our colony ward no 19 creating potthole also This has been going on too long.
Hello sir, my baby born 1 hafte se certficate STILL NOT ready Matunga STILL not resolved!!!
actually We the residents of ward 9 want TO say that ward 9 mein paani KA pipe SINCE morning se leak ho raha hai This is ridiculous!
actually urgent complaint: open manhole near the school ward 45 very dangerous especially at night Nobody is listening to us.
basically To WHOM IT may CONCERN, construction without plan approval ward 9 This is ridiculous!
basically we the residents of ward 35 want to say that light pole broken ward 35 dangerous live wire exposed When will this be fixed??
yaar hi, garbage not collected wardd 13 snce morning unbearable smell Nobody is listening to us.
tbh Dear MC, swm worker absent from Koramangala at the naka महीने भर से
actually urgent complaint: ward 17 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega This has been going on too long.
bhai dear mc, ward no 3 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
u see Respected officer, all street lamps broken wardd no 17 completely dark
I mean we the residents of w-19 want to say that road broken badly w-19 near the temple car tyres punctured 2 times
like wrad 21 में कचरा गाड़ी snce morning से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है This is ridiculous!
you know ward 17 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र for 10 days से नहीं मिला Disgusting situation.
I mean Respected officer, mosquito breeding open drain ward 14 health risk Kab tak wait karein???
like Despite OUR previous COMPLAINTS, wardd no 10 में नामांतरण sinc last night से लंबित है कब होगा Nobody is listening to us.
basically ward no 14 में for the PAST week से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। This is ridiculous!
teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya wrd no 23 ka kuda uthane
basically Urgent complaint: garbage nto collected ward 37 sine morning unbearable smell STILL not resolved!!!
This is to inform you that near d-block ward 35 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Nobody is listening to us.
yaar hello sir, khadda hai opposite the hospital ward 24 mein accident hua tha kal We are very tired of this.
like ward 35 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें Kab tak wait karein???
sir we the residents of ward no 3 want to say that road repair karo ward no 3 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
I mean we the residents of dharavi want to say that fire at building dharavi near the school please send fire engine STILL not resolved!!!
to whom it may concern, proerty tax portal down cannot pay ward 37
big wter leak ward no 7 since the monsoon nobody coming to fix Disgusting situation.
like nali choke ho gayi W-18 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha We are very tired of this.
dear mc, fire at building ward 25 at the naka please send fire engine
you know W-1 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है
sir hi, wadr 35 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए When will this be fixed??
dear mc, major pipe burst near the school pimpri wter wasting When will this be fixed??
I mean i want to report that toilet broken and stinking ward 20 nobody cleaning Please take urgent action!!!
sir It's been since last month and still my SHOP has NO license because Chembur office not responding
bhai despite our previous cmplts, w-1 at plot no 45 mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
Despite OUR previous complains, DRAIN blocked ward 37 at plot no 45 sewage overflowing on raod
basically To whom it may concern, pothole at the corner ward no 22 bike accident happened yesterday
sir this is to inform you that stinking garbage pile near the market ward 25 dogs spreading it everywhere Please take urgent action!!!
u see it's been 1 hafte se and still gutter overflow ward no 14 people walking in waste water
yaar urgent complaint: shivaji nagar ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
tbh hi, ward 8 opposite the hospital में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Kab tak wait karein???
yaar i want to report that wrad no 10 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है
actually we the residents of w-19 want to say that garbaage nto collected w-19 since diwali unbearable smell
like kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward no 16 mein URGENT karo
This is to inform you that supply cut without notice ward no 1 for 5 days This has been going on too long.
like wter looks muddy ward no 27 at the corner for 10 days
sir respected officer, santacruz की सड़क की हालत खराब है over a fortnight से मरम्मत नहीं STILL not resolved!!!
yaar my building in our colony wrad 36 has no water from since yesterday what to do This is ridiculous!
basically respected officer, ward 39 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं Nobody is listening to us.
like respected officer, entire ward no 22 in darkness after 9pm since monday STILL not resolved!!!
sir hi, building mein aag ward 1 jaldi aao
yaar Respected officer, ward no 22 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since last month से नहीं मिला Nobody is listening to us.
I mean We the residents of W-4 want to say that W-4 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं We are very tired of this.
sir I want to report that paani ki problem HAI ward no 3 mein kaafi dino se se nala band hogaya This is ridiculous!
hi, ward no 5 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है Disgusting situation.
like despite our previous complaints, wrd 3 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
basically Despite our previous complaints, no watr since since morning in ward no 12 when will tanker come This has been going on too long.
tbh urgent complaint: illegal dump near the school w-19 flies mosquitoes everywhere STILL not resolved!!!
hello sir, 3 people in my building got dengue ward 1 pls spray
dear mc, outside my house w-9 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
sir hello sir, road broken badly ward no 4 near the park car tyres punctured 2 times
yaar it's been past 6 hours and still w-13 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain past 6 hours se bahut takleef Nobody is listening to us.
we the residents of wadala want to say that many stray dogs wadala near the temple biting residents This is ridiculous!
basically laxmi nagar में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Disgusting situation.
sir Urgent complaint: manhole open hai at the junction koi gir jayega please cover lagao Disgusting situation.
basically dear mc, water from tap vikhroli yellow coloured not drinkable
It's been kaafi dino se and still no response to building permission application ward 22 kaafi dino se
like Stinking garbage pile in front of my building ward no 10 dogs spreading it everywhere
IT'S been since THE monsoon and still W-15 में near the SCHOOL के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक Please take urgent action!!!
I mean ward no 15 NEAR the PARK में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
yaar water has weird smell and colour ward no 18 This has been going on too long.
tbh Urgent complaint: wardd 16 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया STILL not resolved!!!
I mean despite our previous complaints, all street lamps broken ward no 10 completely dark When will this be fixed??
bhai Dear MC, road dug up for CONSTRUCTION never repaired wrad no 6 3 din se Please take urgent action!!!
like toilet broken and stinking ward no 2 nobody cleaning Nobody is listening to us.
u see Dear MC, fire noc required ward 30 not getting it This has been going on too long.
u see Hi, wardd 12 में मच्छरों की समस्या since the rain से है Kab tak wait karein???
This is to inform you that light pole broken ward 40 dangerous live wire exposed We are very tired of this.
sir DESPITE our previous complaints, garbge TRUCK nto coming wardd no 3 for THE past WEEK
you know Hi, property mutation not done malviya nagar applied sine morning ago Very disappointed with MC.
u see It's been since diwali and still wator has weird smell AND colour ward 2
u see despite our previous complains, w-15 in our colony mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
bhai We the residents of ward 36 want to say that no water since since last night in wrad 36 when will tanker come कब होगा काम???
meri BETI ko DENGUE HUA W-3 mein ab bhi kuch NAHI hua कब होगा काम???
actually Hi, no public toilet ward 22 BEHIND the mall open defecation happening We are very tired of this.
toilet band rehta hai w-2 mein kya fayda
we the residents of ward no 28 want to say that road dug up for construction never repaired ward no 28 महीने भर से Nobody is listening to us.
it's been 3 din se and still entire footpath occupied by shop near the school koramangala 3 din se Kab tak wait karein???
tbh I want to report that wire latki hui hai at the corner shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
applied birth cert ward no 3 since yesterday back no movement
yaar urgnt complain: gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward no 27 traffic jam ho raha STILL not resolved!!!
basically we the residents of ward 48 want to say that my shop has no license because ward 48 office nto responding Kab tak wait karein???
basically to whom it may concern, illegal construction ward no 13 near d-block without permission Kab tak wait karein???
yaar This is to inform you that ward 49 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए This is ridiculous!
tbh urgent complaint: drain choked w-17 since yesterday foul smell health hazard Disgusting situation.
bhai This is to inform you that water leakage at the corner ward 42 huge wastage please fix Disgusting situation.
dear mc, ward 15 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र for 10 days से नहीं मिला Please take urgent action!!!
yaar main pipeline burst mulund watr gushing out since morning Very disappointed with MC.
like respected officer, dengue cases increasing ward 6 stagnant wator not removed When will this be fixed??
like no water in ward 39 past 2 weeks
actually encroachment on footpath near the temple ward 10 pedestrians cant walk
bhai W-19 में नामांतरण from 4 days से लंबित है कब होगा This is ridiculous!
u see we the residents of ward no 8 want to say that toilet broken and stinking ward no 8 nobody cleaning
u see urgent complaint: wardd no 1 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe
pipe leaking kurla near the temple roda flooded Please take urgent action!!!
bhai kachra GAADI aayi hi NAHI W-3 me SINCE morning se This is ridiculous!
Hello SIR, Sion MEIN dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
u see Urgent complaint: need death certificate urgently ward no 8 for insurance Kab tak wait karein???
tbh dear mc, my area wrd 9 has not seen garbage van since since 3 days Nobody is listening to us.
bhai We the residents of ward 17 want to say that paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward 17 colour bhi change hai Very disappointed with MC.
bhai pipe toot gayi near the school ward 15 ke paas jaldi aao
applied trade license since morning ago ward 43 still waiting
I mean respected officer, w-10 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें We are very tired of this.
sir this is to inform you that road condition pathetic ward 31 multiple potholes snce the monsoon STILL not resolved!!!
bhai this is to inform you that safai nahi ho rahi ward no 27 sinc the rain se kachra uthao na This has been going on too long.
This is TO inform you that tax demand notice for W-10 BUT payment done for the past week ago
bhai respected officer, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward no 2 में from last tuesday से Nobody is listening to us.
tbh tax notice aaya HAI wrad no 4 ka lekin payment ho CHUKI When will this be fixed??
hi, santacruz में past 6 hours से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
I mean it rained and ENTIRE road disappeared W-10 only pits left This has been going on too long.
yaar Despite our previous cmplts, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward no 22 में from 4 day से Disgusting situation.
Hello sir, kal KUTTE ne kaata ek bacche ko ward 6 mein urgent KARO When will this be fixed??
Paid ₹3500 property tax but still showing dues ward 43
gaaye sadak pe khadi hain w-6 traffic jam ho raha STILL not resolved!!!
illegal building ban raha hai ward no 2 mein rok do
u see Cylinder blast behind the mall ward 33 need immediate help
sir gaaye sadak pe khadi hain wrd 26 traffic jam ho raha Please take urgent action!!!
actually this is to inform you that ward 40 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
Respected officer, toilet band rehta HAI Koramangala mein kya fayda This is ridiculous!
bhai need death certificate urgently wadr no 23 for insurance We are very tired of this.
sir mosquito problem w-16 outside my house no fogging sinc diwali Disgusting situation.
Hello sir, tax notice came again even after PAYING ward no 19 Please take urgent action!!!
bhai Hi, daily water supply disrupted W-8 past since diwali pipeline blocked maybe Very disappointed with MC.
u see daily water supply disrupted w-11 past for 10 day pipeline blocked maybe We are very tired of this.
basically despite our previous complaints, w-15 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
like Respected OFFICER, WRONG property tax assessment ward 8 PROPRTY
yaar I want to report that no PUBLIC toilet Hadapsar NEAR the park open defecation happening कब होगा काम???
actually hi, mutation request pending ward 36 since diwali pls process Nobody is listening to us.
u see Dharavi में नाली बंद है past 6 hours से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
yaar dear mc, builder started work at night wardd 22 in our colony no permission Kab tak wait karein???
no streetlight w-6 near the park theft increasing When will this be fixed??
you know It's been FROM 4 dyas and STILL gaaye sadak PE khadi hain W-5 traffic jam ho RAHA
I WANT to report that ward 38 की सड़क की हालत खराब है past 2 WEEKS से मरम्मत नहीं Disgusting situation.
to whom it may concern, need death certificate urgently laxmi nagar for insurance This is ridiculous!
like Respected officer, ward no 25 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र kaafi dino se से नहीं मिला This has been going on too long.
bhai wateer looks muddy ward 26 near d-block from last tuesday STILL not resolved!!!
basically i want to report that bhai w-13 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo Disgusting situation.
like i want to report that पड़ोसी ने w-7 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली This has been going on too long.
basically hi, my scooter fell in potthole karol bagh in front of my building i got hurt This is ridiculous!
bhai respected officer, ward 46 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega This is ridiculous!
hello sir, death certificate nt issued laxmi nagar office since last night When will this be fixed??
tbh w-9 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein कब होगा काम???
despite our previous complaints, w-6 में व्यापार लाइसेंस over a fortnight से लंबित है
dear mc, ward no 23 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
respected officer, w-7 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय since the monsoon से साफ नहीं हुआ This is ridiculous!
HELLO sir, Govandi में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं Please take urgent action!!!
Despite our previous cmplts, watr filter getting choked daily w-1 water very bad quality कब होगा काम???
I mean dear mc, vile parle का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें Kab tak wait karein???
basically wrad no 26 mein MUTATION nahi hua for 5 dayz SE apply kiya THA Very disappointed with MC.
DESPITE OUR previous complaints, AT the corner KORAMANGALA में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
actually we the residents of ward no 2 want to say that my area ward no 2 has not seen garbage van since for 10 days Kab tak wait karein???
respected officer, wrad 10 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है This is ridiculous!
dirty smelly water supply W-3 since the rain health risk कब होगा काम???
basically Despite our previous complaints, cylinder blast hua near D-block ward 28 mein emergency
basically hi, ward no 29 office se birth certifcate nahi mila 3 din se se
actually Despite our previous complaints, aaj bhi W-14 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo Very disappointed with MC.
bhai hello sir, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward 41 में past 2 weeks से Please take urgent action!!!
we the residents of wrad 38 want to say that oc application pending since morning ward 38 office Very disappointed with MC.
actually कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 45 में पर कोई नहीं आया Kab tak wait karein???
fire broke out in front of my building wadr no 9 fire brigade delayed कब होगा काम???
basically to whom it may concern, water leakage at the junction govandi huge wastage pls fix STILL not resolved!!!
I mean to whom it may concern, paid ₹25000 property tax but still showing dues ward no 1 Nobody is listening to us.
actually Hello sir, waste NOT PICKED W-13 behind the mall past 2 weeks piling up ON road
IT'S been for THE past week and still wrad 33 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं We are very tired of this.
I mean Urgent complaint: commencement certificate not received wardd 36 despite approval
sir w-2 mein paani ka pipe since diwali se leak ho raha hai
hi, ward 29 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe This has been going on too long.
sir We the residents of wardd 16 want to say that in front of my building ward 16 ka kuda uthao yaar kaafi dino se se nahi utha कब होगा काम???
sir We the residents of W-1 want to say that paani ki bohot problem hai in our colony mein W-1 ke andar
urgent complaint: paani nahi aa raha karol bagh mein from 4 days se This has been going on too long.
respected officer, death registered but certificate pending matunga
like Dear MC, Bandra West में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं Very disappointed with MC.
MASSIVE crater SIZED potholee AT the main road ward no 10 since for 5 DAYS
actually ward 22 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं This has been going on too long.
I mean it's been since the rain and still ward no 24 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
u see hello sir, trade license ke liye for 10 days se wait kar raha hoon ward 41 Very disappointed with MC.
actually despite our previous complaints, aaj fir gira mai w-11 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche Nobody is listening to us.
yaar we the residents of w-1 want to say that unauthorized building w-1 please stop
actually it rained and entire road disappeared ward 22 only pits left This is ridiculous!
u see urgent complain: ward 40 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
this is to inform you that pipe toot gayi near the park wadr 31 ke paas jaldi aao Nobody is listening to us.
sir hello sir, death certiifcate not issued w-15 office for 5 days Please take urgent action!!!
this is to inform you that no watr in ward no 6 for 5 dyas
despite our previous complaints, ward 7 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Nobody is listening to us.
urgent complaint: encroachment ON footpath near STATION W-5 PEDESTRIANS cant walk
tbh Hi, new trade license not processed wrd 30 since last night
actually Hi, big wter leak ward 21 since diwali nobody coming to fix Disgusting situation.
actually hello sir, property mutation not done ward 30 applied from 4 days ago
u see hi, matunga में behind the mall अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
urgent complaint: ward 19 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai Nobody is listening to us.
you know We the residents of ward 1 want to say that pipe phoot gayi ward 1 in our colony mein paani beh raha hai
dear mc, maa ka certificate chahiye w-7 office se since diwali ho gaye
paani mein mitti aa rahi hai wardd 43 colour bhi change hai
basically wrad no 25 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र over a fortnight से नहीं मिला कब होगा काम???
like respected officer, no streetlight ward 46 near the park theft increasing This has been going on too long.
actually it's been since diwali and still garbaage wala nahi aaya ward 3 at plot no 45 snce diwali se Very disappointed with MC.
Dear MC, fire noc required ward 31 not getting it कब होगा काम???
despite our previous complaints, paid ₹5000 proerty tax but still showing dues ward 20 Please take urgent action!!!
drain blocked w-5 at the signal sewage overflowing on road
it's been past 2 weeks and still ward 11 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye
manhole cover missing near D-block ward 32 someone will fall
u see hi, death registered but certifcate pending ward no 10 When will this be fixed??
you know hi, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko borivali mein urgent karo We are very tired of this.
you know we the residents of ward 34 want to say that need death certificate urgently ward 34 for insurance
you know building plan submitted w-3 for the past week no response कब होगा काम???
Despite our previous complaints, waste nto picked ward 31 at the corner snce last month piling up on raod
you know dear mc, nali choke ho gayi ward 29 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha Very disappointed with MC.
we r NOT getting water wadr NO 20 4 snce yesterday wat is happening
Hello sir, WADR 20 office hi nahi UTHATA PHONE TRADE LICENSE ke liye When will this be fixed??
sir dear mc, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya bandra west ka kuda uthane Kab tak wait karein???
To whom it may concern, nullah blocked w-7 mosquito breeding happening
like Hi, neighbor built extra floor without permission W-15
like It's been since 3 DAYS and still online proprty tax payment failed amount ₹3500 DEDUCTED ward no 18 We are very tired of this.
hello sir, huge potholes near sector 7 ward 16 very dangerous कब होगा काम???
yaar it's been 1 hafte se and still near sector 7 ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya wadr 42 mein 1 hafte se se
hi, paani nahi aa raha ward no 24 mein since the rain se When will this be fixed??
bhai it's been kaafi dino se and still paani ki problem hai sion mein kaafi dino se se nala band hogaya STILL not resolved!!!
tbh urgent complaint: correction needed birth certificate w-9 wrong name spelled
basically This is to inform you that manhole open hai near the SCHOOL koi gir jayega PLEASE cover lagao When will this be fixed??
like This is to inform you that ward 36 में behind the mall पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
urgent complaint: dog attack vile parle near d-block child got bitten please help Please take urgent action!!!
I mean We the residents of ward no 20 want to say that cylinder blast hua at the naka ward no 20 mein emergency
actually this is to inform you that online payment fail ho gayi w-8 mein paise kat gaye This is ridiculous!
Hi, builder started work at night ward no 2 at the corner no permission We are very tired of this.
actually Urgent cmplt: wrad 1 mein paani ka pipe 1 hafte se se leak ho raha hai STILL not resolved!!!
I mean To WHOM it may concern, property TAX portal down cannot PAY wrd no 28 We are very tired of this.
sir hi, ward no 24 near station mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi When will this be fixed??
you know w-15 at the corner में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Very disappointed with MC.
Hi, mosquito breeding open drain ward no 7 health risk Nobody is listening to us.
we the residents of w-1 want to say that online payment fail ho gayi w-1 mein paise kat gaye Very disappointed with MC.
you know Hi, footpath pe encroachment hai in the lane ward no 22 mein Kab tak wait karein???
urgent complaint: manhole open hai at the main road koi gir jayega please cover lagao
u see Respected officer, my area W-4 has not seen garbge van since over a fortnight
sir wrong proerty tax assessment Thane PROPERTY कब होगा काम???
like we the residents of malviya nagar want to say that dog attack malviya nagar near d-block child got bitten please help Please take urgent action!!!
bhai THIS is to inform you that at THE junction wrad 46 mein paani khada HAI mosquito breeding This is ridiculous!
like hello sir, ward no 7 में नाली बंद है sine 3 days से सड़क पर गंदा पानी STILL not resolved!!!
I mean Meri beti ko dengue hua w-1 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua This has been going on too long.
Dear mc, manhole cover missing behind the mall w-12 someone will fall Please take urgent action!!!
hello sir, building mein aag ward 22 jaldi aao Disgusting situation.
like urgent cmplt: potholes on main roda w-13 causing accidents for 2 days When will this be fixed??
you know cow sitting on main road ward 22 traffic blocked When will this be fixed??
Respected officer, ward 14 mein paani band hai since the rain se log TARAS rahe hain This has been going on too long.
bhai Santacruz KA paani smell KAR raha hai bilkul nahi peete Very disappointed with MC.
hello sir, unauthorized building w-2 plz stop Please take urgent action!!!
commencement certificate not received ward 44 despite approval This is ridiculous!
you know W-10 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें Please take urgent action!!!
Hi, at the signal w-17 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding We are very tired of this.
we the residents of ward no 4 want to say that ward no 4 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
you know This is to inform you that no public toilet ward 24 near the school open defecation happening
entire footpath occupied by shop at the junction ward 47 sine 3 days
hi, w-7 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye STILL not resolved!!!
bhai respected officer, we r not getting wter ward no 13 4 from last tuesday wat is happening Kab tak wait karein???
Dear MC, supply cut without notice wrad 38 since morning
like no response to building permission application matunga from 4 day
Hello sir, main pipeline burst ward 45 water gushing out since the rain
like ward no 10 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र since the monsoon से नहीं मिला कब होगा काम???
sir TO WHOM it may concern, no WATER SINCE 1 hafte se IN ward 44 when will tanker come कब होगा काम???
actually Ward no 7 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है STILL not resolved!!!
property tax portal down cannot pay wadr no 26 Very disappointed with MC.
tbh wter from tap ward no 7 yellow coloured not DRINKABLE कब होगा काम???
I mean we the residents of w-19 want to say that my shop has no license because w-19 office not responding When will this be fixed??
dear mc, nali choke ho gayi ward 2 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha Nobody is listening to us.
actually all street lamps broken andheri east completely dark Very disappointed with MC.
yaar this is to inform you that paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward 3 colour bhi change hai Disgusting situation.
I want to report that Powai में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है past 2 weeks से कब होगा काम???
yaar it's been since yesterday and still fire broke out outside my house chembur fire brigade delayed
Hi, ward 15 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye
u see Hello sir, ward 43 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi MILI
bhai it's been since last night and still no water in ward 28 since last night Disgusting situation.
like kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi w-18 me महीने भर से se Disgusting situation.
I mean i want to report that w-2 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Please take urgent action!!!
This is to INFORM you THAT no RESPONSE to building permission application Pimpri from LAST tuesday STILL not resolved!!!
it's been over a fortnight and still wrong property tax assessment ward 12 property
yaar despite our previous complaints, we called the garbage number 3 times ward no 10 no response This has been going on too long.
bhai Hello sir, garbage lying on road ward 21 snce monday disease risk
you know this is to inform you that wrd 38 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein When will this be fixed??
like urgent complaint: we called the garbage number 3 times wadala no response कब होगा काम???
We the residents of wadr no 12 want to say that raat ko constuction chal raha tha wrd no 12 bina permission Very disappointed with MC.
tbh I want to report that mutation request pending wadr no 8 for the past week plese process Please take urgent action!!!
bhai swm worker absent from ward 31 near the school महीने भर से Very disappointed with MC.
you know hi, andheri east में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं STILL not resolved!!!
actually i want to report that encroachment on footpath at plot no 45 sion pedestrians cant walk
you know We the residents of ward NO 27 want to say THAT wter pressure very low outside my house ward no 27 sine morning barely enough Kab tak wait karein???
u see open manhole in our colony ward no 17 very dangerous especially at night
u see kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko w-14 mein urgent karo When will this be fixed??
we the residents of ward no 4 want to say that wrad no 4 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi This is ridiculous!
u see W-1 में नाली बंद है from last tuesday से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
It's been for 10 days and still wadr no 7 में for 10 days से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। When will this be fixed??
actually maa ka certificate chahiye ward 24 office se since last night ho gaye कब होगा काम???
bhai this is to inform you that malaria fear shivaji nagar drain not cleaned 3 din se
you know This is to inform you that drainage overflow during rain Pimpri flooding streets
you know road full of potholes ward 16 snce last night vehicles getting damaged
major pipe burst in front of my building ward 2 water wasting
respected officer, toilet always locked malviya nagar near d-block useless facility
bhai urgent complaint: waterlogging after rain govandi mosquito problem getting worse STILL not resolved!!!
u see dear mc, gutter overflow ward no 26 people walking in waste water Very disappointed with MC.
you know respected officer, supply cut without notice ward no 22 over a fortnight STILL not resolved!!!
basically neighbor built extra FLOOR WITHOUT permission ward NO 8 Very disappointed with MC.
I mean it's been since yesterday and still ward 5 में in our colony कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Disgusting situation.
bhai hadapsar near the park mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao This is ridiculous!
Applied trade license for the past week ago ward 8 still waiting Nobody is listening to us.
yaar MUTATION request pending ward 33 since the RAIN plese process Kab tak wait karein???
RESPECTED officer, mutation ka koi status NAHI mila ward no 7 ka
actually I want to report that watr pipe cracked ward 12 near station road become muddy
HI, pipe TOOT gayi outside my house ward 25 ke paas jaldi aao Disgusting situation.
Respected officer, waste not picked ward 9 in the lane for the past week piling up on road STILL not resolved!!!
bhai To whom it may concern, road broken badly ward 8 at the signal car tyres punctured 2 times
sir we the residents of mulund want to say that baarish ke baad drain overflow mulund mein road nahi dikh raha This has been going on too long.
bhai This IS TO inform you that water has weird smell and COLOUR W-14 When will this be fixed??
sir we the residents of vile parle want to say that vile parle से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र past 6 hours से नहीं मिला
Aaj bhi ward 27 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo STILL not resolved!!!
bhai I want to report that footpath pe encroachment hai AT the MAIN road wadr 36 mein कब होगा काम???
u see despite our previous complaints, ward 26 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Please take urgent action!!!
bhai HI, manhole cover missing in the LANE W-11 someone will fall
tbh urgnt complaint: aaj fir gira mai wardd no 17 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche We are very tired of this.
sir Urgent complaint: street light wire hanging loose in our colony ward 30 shock risk Please take urgent action!!!
we the residents of ward 6 want to say that trade license ke liye since 3 dayz se wait kar raha hoon ward 6 Kab tak wait karein???
W-4 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक This has been going on too long.
We the residents of wadr 27 want to say that dirty smelly wter supply ward 27 from 4 days health risk
actually hi, stinking garbage pile near d-block ward 26 dogs spreading it everywhere Please take urgent action!!!
yaar respected officer, toilet band rehta hai ward 20 mein kya fayda
you know road tar came off since morning ward 26 only stones left Please take urgent action!!!
like Dear MC, meri beti ko dengue hua Govandi mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
To whom it may concern, kab aayega paani W-10 mein itna wait kar rahe hain
bhai wadala me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo We are very tired of this.
sir chembur at plot no 45 nali band hai since yesterday se badbu aa rahi This is ridiculous!
URGENT complaint: ward 38 में behind the mall पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है कब होगा काम???
yaar street light wire hanging loose near the market w-1 shock risk We are very tired of this.
actually I WANT to REPORT that all street lamps broken ward no 18 completely dark Please take urgent action!!!
We the residents of wrad 11 want to say that maa ka certifcate chahiye ward 11 office se from 4 days ho gaye
I want to report that daily wter supply DISRUPTED ward NO 15 past from 4 days pipeline blocked MAYBE When will this be fixed??
Respected officer, at the naka wrad 32 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko This has been going on too long.
like big wator leak ward 23 since monday nobody coming to fix Very disappointed with MC.
u see Respected officer, bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward 28 mein since last night lag gaye STILL not resolved!!!
sir we the residents of wadr no 7 want to say that road condition pathetic ward no 7 multiple potholes sine 3 days This is ridiculous!
yaar tax notice came again even after paying ward 3
sir i want to report that no response to building permission application andheri east महीने भर से Please take urgent action!!!
Hello sir, commencement certificate not RECEIVED Indiranagar despite APPROVAL
I want to report THAT near the park ward 48 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat KO We are very tired of this.
you know Hello sir, Pimpri में व्यापार लाइसेंस past 2 weeks से लंबित है कब होगा काम???
actually hi, ward 4 में व्यापार लाइसेंस kaafi dino se से लंबित है When will this be fixed??
पड़ोसी ने Laxmi Nagar में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली
i want to report that main pipeline burst w-11 wator gushing out kaafi dino se
basically ward 15 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe This is ridiculous!
bhai building plan submitted w-5 over a fortnight no response This is ridiculous!
tbh Khadda hai in the bylane wadr no 19 mein accident hua tha kal When will this be fixed??
you know to whom it may concern, illegal building ban raha hai wrad no 9 mein rok do Very disappointed with MC.
basically hello sir, ward 39 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain Disgusting situation.
bhai hello sir, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain wadr no 16 traffic jam ho raha Disgusting situation.
tbh Respected officer, road pe gadd hai near THE school Thane bike wale GIRTE hain We are very tired of this.
like i want to report that daily water supply disrupted ward no 2 past since morning pipeline blocked maybe
ward no 4 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
I mean it's been since the monsoon and still outside my house ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward 25 mein sinc the monsoon se
like toilet broken and stinking ward 28 nobody cleaning This is ridiculous!
you know it's been since last night and still toilet band rehta hai ward no 20 mein kya fayda Nobody is listening to us.
sir Despite our previous complaints, W-10 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र since morning से नहीं मिला This is ridiculous!
like dear mc, ward 28 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain Please take urgent action!!!
I want to report that we called the garbage number 3 times ward 26 no response Disgusting situation.
u see i want to report that ward 27 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं This is ridiculous!
actually dear mc, ward 41 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक Disgusting situation.
I mean this is to inform you that neighbor built extra floor without permission ward 10 Please take urgent action!!!
dear mc, ward no 28 mein paani band hai 3 din se se log taras rahe hain We are very tired of this.
basically This is to inform you that Matunga में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं Nobody is listening to us.
basically We the residents of ward 39 want to say that maa ka certificate chahiye ward 39 office se for 2 days ho gaye Please take urgent action!!!
you know respected officer, wter pressure very low near station wadr 7 महीने भर से barely enough Disgusting situation.
u see despite our previous cmplts, fire broke out at the junction wadr no 11 fire brigade delayed कब होगा काम???
kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko w-7 mein urgent karo
stinking garbage pile near the school w-17 dogs spreading it everywhere This has been going on too long.
sir We the residents of ward no 5 want to say that entire footpath occupied by shop in the lane wrd no 5 kaafi dino se This has been going on too long.
bhai Respected officer, naam galat likha hai certficate mein ward 32 ka
you know to whom it may concern, santacruz से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र 3 din se से नहीं मिला When will this be fixed??
it's been from last tuesday and still pipe phoot gayi w-12 near the park mein paani beh raha hai Nobody is listening to us.
I want to report that maa ka certifcate chahiye Borivali office se since diwali ho gaye कब होगा काम???
Despite our previous complaints, we r not getting water ward 35 4 for 10 days wat is happening Disgusting situation.
basically dear mc, tax notice aaya hai ward 23 ka lekin payment ho chuki We are very tired of this.
basically baarish ke BAAD DRAIN overflow Thane mein ROAD NAHI dikh raha Nobody is listening to us.
bhai dear mc, major pipe burst at the junction wrad no 4 water wasting This is ridiculous!
I mean wadr no 3 में near the school अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है कब होगा काम???
bhai To whom IT may concern, गड्ढे की वजह से ward 14 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Very disappointed with MC.
actually hello sir, road repair karo w-5 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
you know we the residents of wadr no 27 want to say that fire broke out outside my house ward no 27 fire brigade delayed
tbh respected officer, online property tax payment failed amount some amount deducted w-18 Disgusting situation.
actually It's been snce LAST night and STILL Matunga in front of my building BINA permission construction ho RAHA hai
to whom it may concern, chembur की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया Disgusting situation.
this is to inform you that ward no 7 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है
actually to whom it may concern, ward 10 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
I mean pack of DOGS CHASING people VILE Parle very scary Nobody is listening to us.
sir urgent complain: ward 38 mein paani ka pipe for the past week se leak ho raha hai This is ridiculous!
actually TO whom it may concern, ward no 2 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं Very disappointed with MC.
like cylinder blast hua at the corner vile parle mein emergency This has been going on too long.
u see respected officer, ward no 21 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Kab tak wait karein???
I mean to whom it may concern, ward 3 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
you know I want to report that ward 32 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय since 3 dyas से साफ नहीं हुआ Disgusting situation.
yaar i want to report that neighbor built extra floor without permission w-11 Please take urgent action!!!
this is to inform you that online payment fail ho gayi w-13 mein paise kat gaye
sir karol bagh ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega
to whom it may concern, w-7 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली This is ridiculous!
you know urgent complain: kab aayega paani Karol Bagh mein itna wait kar rahe hain Disgusting situation.
u see URGENT complaint: ward 4 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है since the monsoon से This is ridiculous!
to whom it may concern, entire footpath occupied by shop at the signal wrd no 2 for the past week STILL not resolved!!!
bhai to whom it may concern, dharavi में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं We are very tired of this.
bhai Dear MC, ward 39 में व्यापार लाइसेंस from last tuesday से लंबित है This is ridiculous!
like Hello sir, nali CHOKE ho GAYI W-19 ganda paani sadak PE aa raha कब होगा काम???
bhai it's been महीने भर से and still pack of dogs chasing people ward 18 very scary Please take urgent action!!!
bhai Dear MC, road broken badly ward 41 near D-block car tyres punctured 2 times This has been going on too long.
like नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा Thane में महीने भर से से Nobody is listening to us.
Urgent cmplt: at the junction ward no 5 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko When will this be fixed??
hi, ward no 8 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
basically it's been since last night and still brown water coming ward 26 children getting sick Kab tak wait karein???
sir despite our previous complaints, machhar bahut hain ward no 6 from 4 days se spray kab karoge Kab tak wait karein???
I mean Despite our previous cmplts, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा WARD no 19 में since yesterday से
Hello sir, street light wire hanging loose near the market W-15 shock risk
to whom it may concern, ward 43 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
actually matunga में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं Disgusting situation.
you know Respected officer, entire footpath occupied by shop in our colony wrad 33 sine the monsoon When will this be fixed??
actually Despite our previous complaints, my area ward 7 has not seen garbage van since since last month Kab tak wait karein???
I mean paani ki problem hai karol bagh mein over a fortnight se nala band hogaya
sir hello sir, online property tax payment failed amount ₹5000 deducted w-17 Very disappointed with MC.
basically Urgent complaint: huge potholes in front of my building W-13 very dangerous This is ridiculous!
basically i want to report that fire at building shivaji nagar in front of my building please send fire engine
tbh govandi में at the junction कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Disgusting situation.
actually aaj fir gira mai ward 17 ke khadde mein SCOOTER le gaya neeche
sir urgent complaint: 3 people in my building got dengue w-1 please spray
you know small fire w-14 at the corner before it spreads pleese come
like I want to report that STREET lgiht toot GAYI NEAR STATION wadr 36 महीने भर से se कब होगा काम???
tbh Respected officer, ward 24 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
bhai Urgent complaint: no wateer since since the monsoon in ward 3 when will tanker come Nobody is listening to us.
trade license KE liye past 2 WEEKS se wait kar raha hoon ward no 18
like this is to inform you that wator filter getting choked daily indiranagar water very bad quality This is ridiculous!
HELLO sir, garbage COLLECTOR takes money STILL not collecting ward 34 This is ridiculous!
actually massive crater sized pothole in the lane wardd no 14 since since 3 day
Road full of potholes borivali for 2 days vehicles getting damaged This has been going on too long.
bhai Despite our previous complaints, tap is dry borivali since last month please check the pipeline When will this be fixed??
hi, construction without plan approval ward 6
actually wire latki hui hai at the junction shock lag sakta hai kisi ko STILL not resolved!!!
sewage smell unbearable ward no 6 past 6 hours kids cant go to school कब होगा काम???
I mean it's been since 3 days and still illegal construction vikhroli behind the mall without permission When will this be fixed??
basically it's been for 5 days and still paani nahi aa raha ward 34 mein for 5 days se
tbh Hi, paid ₹3500 property tax but still showing DUES wrad 26 कब होगा काम???
bhai dear mc, ward 21 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
yaar I want to report that stray dogs nt sterilized ward 37 population increasing
u see roaad broken badly wadr no 5 at the signal car tyres punctured 2 times This is ridiculous!
yaar We the residents of ward no 4 want to say that no public toilet ward no 4 behind the mall open defecation happening
basically TO whom it may concern, ward no 3 mein paani band HAI sine morning se log taras rahe HAIN Disgusting situation.
i want to report that ward no 17 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं Nobody is listening to us.
sir we called the garbage number 3 times w-11 no response We are very tired of this.
despite our previous complaints, wrong property tax assessment wrad 36 property Very disappointed with MC.
sir illegal construction w-8 at the signal without permission Disgusting situation.
It's been since the rain and still road repair karo ward 34 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
yaar Cylinder blast in the lane ward no 19 need immediate help
basically कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 20 में पर कोई नहीं आया We are very tired of this.
tbh Hi, tap is dry ward no 14 since morning please check the pipeline
we the residents of w-9 want to say that w-9 में नामांतरण since 3 days से लंबित है कब होगा कब होगा काम???
sir Dear MC, garbage wala nahi aaya ward 33 at the corner महीने भर से se
despite our previous complaints, govandi mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
yaar hi, ward 30 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain Nobody is listening to us.
despite our previous complaints, ward no 28 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
sir to whom it may concern, people dumping garbage at plot no 45 wadr 13 very unhygienic
Hi, ward 14 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain over a fortnight se bahut takleef
yaar to whom it may concern, dengue cases increasing borivali stagnant water not removed Kab tak wait karein???
you know urgent complain: machhar bahut hain ward no 13 past 6 hours se spray kab karoge
Despite our previous complaints, wrd no 16 mein death certificate nahi mila past 2 weeks se urgent hai
u see it's been from 4 dyas and still नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward no 6 में from 4 days से
urgent complaint: ward 17 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein Nobody is listening to us.
you know respected officer, need death certificate urgently dharavi for insurance कब होगा काम???
you know to whom it may concern, road condition pathetic ward 22 multiple potholes since 3 days
yaar Hi, tax demand notice for W-18 but payment done 3 din se ago
actually ward 49 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye कब होगा काम???
tbh this is to inform you that potholes on main roda ward 14 causing accidents since last night Nobody is listening to us.
Dear MC, गड्ढे की वजह से W-8 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Please take urgent action!!!
actually I want to report that cow sitting on main road W-1 traffic blocked We are very tired of this.
sir We THE residents of W-15 want to say THAT dustbin bhar gayi W-15 mein khali karo plz When will this be fixed??
Dear MC, ward 27 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
yaar to whom it may concern, कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 41 में पर कोई नहीं आया When will this be fixed??
yaar It's BEEN since 3 DAYS and STILL पड़ोसी ने W-12 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली We are very tired of this.
basically urgnt complain: bhari water leakage at the naka sadak bhar gayi This has been going on too long.
I mean We the residents of WADR 16 want TO say that ward 16 mein DUKAN ka license renew nahi hua snce the monsoon se Disgusting situation.
like entire footpath occupied by shop IN front OF my BUILDING ward 45 from LAST tuesday
I mean to whom it may concern, 3 people in my building got dengue ward 1 please spray We are very tired of this.
Nahi aa rha paani ward 23 mein please koi to suno
hello sir, entire powai in darkness after 9pm महीने भर से
hello sir, in our colony ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward 8 mein 1 hafte se se
like thane में near the market के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक
actually drainage overflow during rain ward 38 flooding streets
like It's been since 3 dayz and still many stray dogs Shivaji Nagar in the bylane biting residents We are very tired of this.
u see THIS is to inform you that we called THE grabage number 3 times Borivali no response Nobody is listening to us.
it's been for 10 days and still building plan submitted dharavi for 10 days no response
basically respected officer, garbaage truck not coming ward no 9 since the rain This is ridiculous!
To whom it may concern, wardd 17 में कचरा गाड़ी from 4 days से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है Very disappointed with MC.
despite our previous complaints, no streetlight w-11 opposite the hospital theft increasing Disgusting situation.
u see despite our previous complaints, w-13 mein paani band hai sine the monsoon se log taras rahe hain This is ridiculous!
like We THE residents of ward no 25 want to say that garbage LYING on road WARD no 25 1 hafte se disease RISK Disgusting situation.
u see dear mc, light pole broken ward no 26 dangerous live wire exposed This has been going on too long.
tbh dengue cases increasing ward 43 stagnant water not removed कब होगा काम???
yaar tax notice came again even after paying w-15
u see ward 9 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है This has been going on too long.
I mean पड़ोसी ने ward no 14 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली This has been going on too long.
you know this is to inform you that swm worker absent from wrad 41 at the junction for the past week Nobody is listening to us.
basically HI, illegal building ban raha hai ward 16 mein rok do This has been going on too long.
basically to whom it may concern, small fire w-19 near the temple before it spreads pls come This has been going on too long.
Despite our previous complaints, W-11 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Very disappointed with MC.
I mean urgent complaint: हमारे ward 40 में snce diwali से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
no water in ward 4 from last tuesday कब होगा काम???
yaar entire wrd 49 in darkness after 9pm since monday
I mean tap is dry ward 6 for 2 day pls check the pipeline
yaar I want to report that paani ki bohot problem hai in our colony mein ward 19 ke andar Kab tak wait karein???
like my scooter fell in pothole ward 27 at plot no 45 i got hurt
mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani wrad no 19 STILL not resolved!!!
dog attack W-14 near the school child got bitten please help Disgusting situation.
it's been for 5 days and still kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward 42 mein urgent karo
you know i want to report that near the temple ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya kurla mein since monday se This has been going on too long.
bhai hello sir, no public toilet ward 31 in the bylane open defecation happening कब होगा काम???
sir We the residents of wrd no 6 want to say that wrad no 6 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye Please take urgent action!!!
dear mc, nali choke ho gayi powai ganda paani sadak pe aa raha Disgusting situation.
u see my scooter fell in pothole wadr no 21 near sector 7 i got hurt कब होगा काम???
Hello sir, Vikhroli में NEAR the market कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध We are very tired of this.
basically need death certificate urgently ward no 25 for insurance Disgusting situation.
actually tap is dry wrd 3 from last tuesday please check the pipeline
tbh pack of dogs chasing people wrd no 11 very scary This has been going on too long.
it's been past 2 weeks and still ward no 1 opposite the hospital mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao Very disappointed with MC.
like To whom it may concern, fire noc required w-9 not getting it
sir hello sir, brown wter coming w-7 children getting sick
u see This is to inform you that नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward 39 में past 2 weeks से
To whom it may concern, malaria fear wardd 17 drain not cleaned kaafi dino se
I mean urgent complaint: bhari watr leakage near the school sadak bhar gayi When will this be fixed??
This is to inform you that Malviya Nagar near the temple mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
Dear mc, ward 24 near the school में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं कब होगा काम???
entire footpath occupied by shop near sector 7 ward 15 3 din se Kab tak wait karein???
This is to inform you that unauthorized building w-18 please stop We are very tired of this.
I want to report that new trade license not processed ward no 12 1 hafte se We are very tired of this.
actually this is to inform you that wrad no 7 में at the main road कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Nobody is listening to us.
tbh i want to report that नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा wardd no 24 में since 3 days से When will this be fixed??
actually garbage collector takes money still not collecting ward no 18 This has been going on too long.
sir we the residents of ward no 16 want to say that dirty smelly water supply ward no 16 past 6 hours health risk Very disappointed with MC.
you know hi, registered birth from last tuesday but certifcate not issued ward 19 This has been going on too long.
To whom it may concern, applied for mutation from 4 days no update w-9
bhai hello sir, kab aayega paani andheri east mein itna wait kar rahe hain
bhai To whom it may concern, ward no 10 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र for 5 days से नहीं मिला
dear mc, oc application pending since yesterday ward 12 office This has been going on too long.
despite our previous complaints, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा matunga में since diwali से This is ridiculous!
respected officer, property mutation nt done w-15 applied since last month ago Kab tak wait karein???
actually hello sir, नाली से बदबू ward no 3 में since the monsoon से असहनीय हो गई है When will this be fixed??
you know teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward 36 ka kuda uthane Very disappointed with MC.
actually Dear mc, malviya nagar mein sadak pe bade khadde hain since yesterday se bahut takleef This has been going on too long.
this is to inform you that machhar bahut hain ward 21 since the rain se spray kab karoge Very disappointed with MC.
Urgent complaint: road dug up for constuction never repaired wadr 12 for 5 days
like i want to report that nahi aa rha paani ward no 22 mein pleese koi to suno Disgusting situation.
despite our previous complaints, correction needed birth certiifcate ward no 6 wrong name spelled
To whom it may concern, dharavi में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं कब होगा काम???
Dear mc, w-5 की सड़क की हालत खराब है since the rain से मरम्मत नहीं Kab tak wait karein???
I mean we the residents of ward no 4 want to say that footpath pe encroachment hai in our colony ward no 4 mein
despite our previous cmplts, my baby born for 5 days certificate still not ready chembur कब होगा काम???
basically machhar bahut hain santacruz 1 hafte se se spray kab karoge कब होगा काम???
to whom it may concern, ward 24 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Nobody is listening to us.
it's been since morning and still water looks muddy w-8 near station sinc morning Nobody is listening to us.
I mean birth certificate not received ward no 4 office for 2 days When will this be fixed??
yaar Respected officer, mutation request pending Vile PARLE for 2 days PLESE process We are very tired of this.
sir online payment fail ho gayi ward 23 mein paise kat gaye
yaar TO WHOM it MAY concern, death certifcate not issued ward no 23 office महीने भर से
to whom it may concern, no wator in ward 15 for the past week When will this be fixed??
tbh urgnt complaint: wrad 28 office mein plan submit kiya for the past week reply nahi
you know property tax portal down cannot pay ward 8 Please take urgent action!!!
manhole cover missing in the bylane Santacruz someone will fall When will this be fixed??
garbage wala nahi aaya ward no 20 at the main roda kaafi dino se se Nobody is listening to us.
tbh i want to report that fire noc required karol bagh not getting it
Kachra nahi utha wrad 8 mein since morning se bahut badbu Nobody is listening to us.
death registered but certificate pending WARD no 10
like wrad no 25 में opposite the hospital कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध This has been going on too long.
yaar Hello sir, property mutation not done Pimpri applied since diwali ago Kab tak wait karein???
ward 33 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Very disappointed with MC.
I mean to whom it may concern, ward no 29 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय for 10 days से साफ नहीं हुआ Please take urgent action!!!
bhai respected officer, wrad no 16 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
basically ward 17 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए कब होगा काम???
like dear mc, pack of dogs chasing people w-17 very scary Disgusting situation.
you know Dear MC, W-1 में व्यापार लाइसेंस for 2 dyas से लंबित है Please take urgent action!!!
I mean waterlogging after rain ward no 24 mosquito problem getting worse
you know it's been since the rain and still wrad 3 में at the corner अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है When will this be fixed??
bhai despite our previous complaints, mosquito problem w-11 at the signal no fogging for 5 days
Hello sir, cylinder blast hua near station ward no 24 mein emergency We are very tired of this.
I mean wrad no 18 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
u see to whom it may concern, wrong property tax assessment w-5 property Please take urgent action!!!
tbh Sion at plot no 45 bina permission construction ho raha hai Nobody is listening to us.
tbh to whom it may concern, aaj fir gira mai hadapsar ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche Please take urgent action!!!
tbh to whom it may concern, naam galat likha hai certificate mein bandra west ka
bhai this is to inform you that ligh pole broken ward 34 dangerous live wire exposed When will this be fixed??
HI, Sion में in front OF MY building के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक
I mean thane ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete
I mean builder ne maal at the naka w-4 road pe daal diya hata do
sir hi, kachra nahi utha ward 39 mein sine diwali se bahut badbu Very disappointed with MC.
this is to inform you that commencement certificate not received w-2 despite approval When will this be fixed??
This is to INFORM you that water pressure very low AT the corner wadr no 23 SINCE diwali barely enough
you know it's been since the monsoon and still road pe gadd hai in the bylane malviya nagar bike wale girte hain Nobody is listening to us.
I mean i want to report that tax demand notice for wrd no 11 but payment done 1 hafte se ago
bhai mosquito breeding open drian wardd 48 HEALTH RISK Very disappointed with MC.
bhai it's been महीने भर से and still ward no 18 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain Disgusting situation.
u see i want to report that bhari water leakage in front of my building sadak bhar gayi Please take urgent action!!!
despite our previous complaints, need death certficate urgently koramangala for insurance Disgusting situation.
I mean stinking garbage pile in front of my building w-5 dogs spreading it everywhere
bhai ₹25000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 27
I mean building mein aag Indiranagar jaldi aao Nobody is listening to us.
yaar paid proerty tax ward no 29 but receipt not received Disgusting situation.
yaar despite our previous complaints, kab aayega paani ward 12 mein itna wait kar rahe hain
I mean urgent complaint: drainage overflow during RAIN Karol Bagh flooding streets Very disappointed with MC.
sir Despite our previous complains, ward no 6 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है When will this be fixed??
you know property mutation nt done wrad 40 applied for the past week ago Disgusting situation.
actually hi, bhai wardd no 15 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
it's been sine last month and still small fire w-12 at plot no 45 before it spreads plz come
kachra nahi utha W-15 mein for 5 days se bahut badbu When will this be fixed??
this is to inform you that garbage collector takes money still not collecting w-10 Please take urgent action!!!
you know HI, applied TRADE license since last night AGO Bandra West still waiting
basically tap is dry ward 11 kaafi dino se pls check the pipeline
tbh Dear MC, ward 12 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua sine last night se Nobody is listening to us.
stinking garbage pile in front of my building Laxmi Nagar dogs spreading it everywhere Nobody is listening to us.
garbage lying on road w-15 from last tuesday disease risk
basically this is to inform you that oc application pending since the monsoon laxmi nagar office STILL not resolved!!!
u see Dear mc, oc application pending since the monsoon wrad no 20 office Kab tak wait karein???
basically urgnt complaint: death certificate not issued wrad no 23 office महीने भर से This has been going on too long.
actually no PUBLIC toilet Bandra West at the naka open defecation happening Very disappointed with MC.
you know this is to inform you that w-15 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega When will this be fixed??
sir urgent complaint: w-3 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
basically URGNT complaint: STINKING garbge pile near sector 7 W-14 dogs spreading it everywhere Very disappointed with MC.
huge potholes behind the mall w-3 very dangerous
u see to whom it may concern, big water leak vikhroli for 10 days nobody coming to fix Please take urgent action!!!
like hello sir, malaria fear ward 46 darin not cleaned since the rain
tbh registered birth snce the monsoon but certifcate not issued wardd 49
basically i want to report that maa ka certificate chahiye ward 3 office se kaafi dino se ho gaye
you know aaj fir gira MAI ward no 22 KE khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche कब होगा काम???
I mean ward no 5 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया Please take urgent action!!!
hi, paid ₹25000 property tax but still showing dues ward no 18
To whom it may CONCERN, ENTIRE footpath occupied BY shop in front OF my building Powai 1 HAFTE se STILL not resolved!!!
yaar Dear MC, ward 44 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें STILL not resolved!!!
yaar Respected officer, khadda hai opposite the hospital ward no 18 mein accident hua THA kal
I WANT to REPORT that पड़ोसी ने WARD 13 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली
tbh ward no 27 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain kaafi dino se se bahut takleef
you know w-16 at the signal bina permission construction ho raha hai
paani mein mitti AA rahi hai ward 27 colour bhi change HAI
hi, w-11 में नामांतरण महीने भर से से लंबित है कब होगा
you know Respected officer, brown water coming ward 2 children getting sick
Dear mc, my area ward 36 has not seen garbage van since since the rain कब होगा काम???
basically we the residents of ward 25 want to say that nahi aa rha paani ward 25 mein please koi to suno We are very tired of this.
like respected officer, w-10 में in the lane के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक Kab tak wait karein???
sir To whom IT may concern, garbage lying on ROAD Andheri East for 5 days DISEASE RISK When will this be fixed??
u see wardd 41 near the school nali band hai for 5 days se badbu aa rahi This is ridiculous!
bhai We the residents of W-7 want to say that we called the garbage number 3 times W-7 no response Kab tak wait karein???
u see wrad 32 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi
it's been महीने भर से and still nali choke ho gayi wrad no 16 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha
yaar despite our previous complaints, w-10 में व्यापार लाइसेंस for 5 days से लंबित है STILL not resolved!!!
despite our previous complaints, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward 30 mein urgent karo कब होगा काम???
you know dear mc, w-4 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति sine the monsoon से बाधित है This has been going on too long.
bhai ward no 25 में कचरा गाड़ी since morning से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है Very disappointed with MC.
like building plan submitted wrd NO 20 3 din se no response Disgusting situation.
sir hi, ward 45 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र past 6 hours से नहीं मिला Very disappointed with MC.
ward 23 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe
bhai this is to inform you that kurla में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है sine last night से
yaar it's been महीने भर से and still bacche ka certificate nahi bana bandra west mein महीने भर से lag gaye Please take urgent action!!!
tbh hi, road condition pathetic wrad no 5 multiple potholes 1 hafte se
Hello sir, kurla mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
I mean Dear MC, sewage smell unbearable Hadapsar past 2 weeks kids cant go to school
like It's been महीने भर से AND still wter from tap ward no 26 yellow coloured not drinkable Very disappointed with MC.
sir hi, gutter overflow wrad 31 people walking in waste wter
wrd 31 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
dear mc, dirty smelly water supply powai for 10 days health risk
I mean respected officer, waterlogging after rain vile parle mosquito problem getting worse
I mean urgent complaint: street light wire hanging loose at the corner ward 16 shock risk Kab tak wait karein???
we the residents of ward 8 want to say that construction without plan approval ward 8
हमारे W-11 में kaafi dino se से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे Please take urgent action!!!
tbh public toilet wrad 30 very dirty nto cleaned since morning We are very tired of this.
illegal dump near the school ward no 18 flies mosquitoes everywhere
hello sir, commencement certificate noot received matunga despite approval
actually potholee at the naka hadapsar bike accident happened yesterday Kab tak wait karein???
bhai meri beti ko dengue hua ward 48 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
building plan submitted Wadala since monday no response कब होगा काम???
bhai We the residents of wadr no 2 want to say that ward no 2 at the junction nali band hai for the past week se badbu aa rahi
bhai this is to inform you that sewage smell unbearable ward 38 from 4 days kids cant go to school When will this be fixed??
tbh illegal DUMP near the school W-6 flies MOSQUITOES everywhere When will this be fixed??
I want to report that we r nto getting water W-15 4 past 2 weeks WAT is happening When will this be fixed??
bhai this is to inform you that aaj bhi ward 38 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo Disgusting situation.
sir i want to report that new trade license not processed w-3 from last tuesday When will this be fixed??
bhai hi, machhar bahut hain w-17 for 5 dyas se spray kab karoge
yaar despite our previous complaints, applied birth cert wrad no 26 past 2 weeks back no movement
yaar W-11 में स्ट्रीट लाइट sinc morning से बंद है रात में अंधेरा When will this be fixed??
new trade license not processed wardd 31 since monday
tbh we the residents of koramangala want to say that aaj bhi koramangala mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo Kab tak wait karein???
Hi, meri beti ko DENGUE hua W-13 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
u see It's BEEN since yesterday and still no public toilet W-19 in the lane open defecation happening When will this be fixed??
Hello sir, dustbin bhar gayi WARD 16 mein khali karo plz Please take urgent action!!!
ward 49 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय kaafi dino se से साफ नहीं हुआ Please take urgent action!!!
I mean To whom it may concern, PACK of dogs chasing PEOPLE Indiranagar very scary Nobody is listening to us.
I mean hi, w-3 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye STILL not resolved!!!
I mean despite our previous complaints, road repair karo ward 2 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
yaar to whom it may concern, swm worker absent from ward 4 at the main road snce monday
yaar i want to report that ward 9 near the school mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao Very disappointed with MC.
actually We the residents of wrad no 26 want to say that property mutation not done ward no 26 applied sine the monsoon ago Nobody is listening to us.
actually road pe gadd hai near the temple Mulund bike wale girte hain Please take urgent action!!!
hello sir, w-14 में नामांतरण since the rain से लंबित है कब होगा Disgusting situation.
actually i want to report that pack of dogs chasing people w-10 very scary Disgusting situation.
you know Respected officer, at the corner ward no 6 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding When will this be fixed??
respected officer, 1 light working out of 10 in shivaji nagar rest all dead
yaar it's been for 5 days and still encroachment on footpath near sector 7 ward 41 pedestrians cant walk Very disappointed with MC.
you know 3 people in my building got dengue ward 40 please spray Disgusting situation.
you know Urgent cmplt: entire footpath occupied by shop in our colony ward 14 sinc last month
hello sir, my baby born from 4 days certificate still not ready ward 46 Please take urgent action!!!
like Hello sir, building permission KE liye past 2 weeks wait kar raha hoon wrd NO 24 We are very tired of this.
I mean i want to report that santacruz mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua past 2 weeks se This has been going on too long.
yaar neighbor built extra floor without permission matunga
it's been 3 din se and still garbage wala nahi aaya w-13 near d-block 3 din se se We are very tired of this.
yaar tax notice came AGAIN even after paying W-11
sir to whom it may concern, building mein aag malviya nagar jaldi aao STILL not resolved!!!
yaar hi, wrad 25 mein paani ka pipe past 2 weeks se leak ho raha hai This has been going on too long.
you know To whom it may CONCERN, ward 7 में स्ट्रीट लाइट for 10 days से बंद है रात में अंधेरा When will this be fixed??
Toilet gandy hai at the corner ward 42 since 3 days se safai karo
u see road condition pathetic w-2 multiple potholes sinc yesterday When will this be fixed??
u see Hi, water pipe cracked ward no 20 near the market road become muddy
like we the residents of ward 10 want to say that behind the mall wrd 10 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है कब होगा काम???
u see urgnt complaint: footpath pe encroachment hai at the junction thane mein
Hello sir, commencement certificate not received wrad 11 despite approval When will this be fixed??
I mean respected officer, small fire ward 49 near the market before it spreads pls come
despite our previous complaints, main pipeline burst matunga water gushing out kaafi dino se Please take urgent action!!!
bhai dear mc, water supply stopped ward 41 sinc 3 dayz residents suffering badly Very disappointed with MC.
yaar urgent complaint: कचरेवाले को बुलाया w-13 में पर कोई नहीं आया Kab tak wait karein???
yaar It's been since morning and still entire footpath occupied by shop near the market W-6 since morning Disgusting situation.
you know it's been since the rain and still bandra west mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua snce the rain se
yaar Hi, tap is DRY ward no 3 for the PAST WEEK plz check the pipeline Very disappointed with MC.
it's been since morning and still vikhroli में at the signal अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है कब होगा काम???
yaar i want to report that bhari wter leakage near the park sadak bhar gayi Please take urgent action!!!
it's been snce the monsoon and still नाली से बदबू wardd no 20 में since the monsoon से असहनीय हो गई है Very disappointed with MC.
you know dear mc, ward no 22 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
bhai Hi, aaj bhi ward 44 mein paani nahi AAYA tanker bhejo This is ridiculous!
sir Despite our previous complains, pipe phoot gayi ward 27 at plot no 45 mein paani beh raha hai
basically We the residents of w-7 want to say that w-7 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi कब होगा काम???
tbh respected officer, building mein aag ward no 24 jaldi aao This has been going on too long.
tbh Urgent cmplt: BIRTH certificate noot received ward 23 office for 10 day This is ridiculous!
This is to inform you that toilet broken and stinking ward 13 nobody cleaning Please take urgent action!!!
sir hi, wrd 17 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है This is ridiculous!
yaar Hello sir, naam galat likha hai certficate mein ward no 27 ka
you know my shop has no license because ward no 22 office not responding This is ridiculous!
yaar It's been since MONDAY and still need death certificate urgently Santacruz for insurance Very disappointed with MC.
respected officer, indiranagar में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है
actually Dear MC, garbaage not collected ward 27 for 5 days unbearable smell Very disappointed with MC.
to whom it may concern, unauthorized building w-13 pls stop
like hi, kab aayega paani dharavi mein itna wait kar rahe hain STILL not resolved!!!
like Applied birth cert ward 15 since last month back no movement When will this be fixed??
tbh It's been kaafi dino se and STILL Wadala MEIN ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi Kab tak wait karein???
u see i want to report that andheri east mein paani ka pipe sinc morning se leak ho raha hai Please take urgent action!!!
tbh urgent complaint: karol bagh outside my house bina permission construction ho raha hai When will this be fixed??
tbh illegal dump behind the mall ward no 27 flies mosquitoes everywhere Nobody is listening to us.
basically Urgent complaint: paani nahi aa raha vikhroli mein 1 hafte se se
this is to inform you that ward no 20 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua 1 hafte se se कब होगा काम???
Pothole in the lane ward no 23 bike accident happened yesterday This has been going on too long.
yaar fire noc required mulund not getting it Please take urgent action!!!
it's been past 2 weeks and still toilet band rehta hai ward 1 mein kya fayda This is ridiculous!
sir this is to inform you that my area ward no 18 has not seen garbaje van since since the monsoon This is ridiculous!
basically stray dogs not sterilized W-6 population increasing STILL not resolved!!!
bhai I want to report that sewage smell unbearable ward no 19 since monday kids cant go to school Kab tak wait karein???
sir water pipe cracked W-6 near the market raod become muddy
like online payment fail ho gayi ward no 18 mein paise kat gaye कब होगा काम???
you know to whom it may concern, big water leak ward 24 since last month nobody coming to fix
urgnt complaint: death registered BUT certifcate pending W-15 Very disappointed with MC.
bhai Hi, पड़ोसी ने W-6 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली
Respected officer, ward no 14 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain since last month se bahut takleef
yaar wardd 20 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय for 10 days से साफ नहीं हुआ कब होगा काम???
sir urgent complain: small fire wrad no 15 at the junction before it spreads please come
u see Hi, property mutation not done W-16 applied over a fortnight ago
bhai to whom it may concern, waste not picked ward no 2 opposite the hospital for 10 days piling up on rood
yaar we the residents of ward 35 want to say that many stray dogs ward 35 near d-block biting residents
Hi, paid ₹12000 propety tax but still showing dues ward 48 We are very tired of this.
you know Despite our previous cmplts, NALI choke ho gayi W-4 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha When will this be fixed??
like Illegal dump near sector 7 ward 20 flies mosquitoes everywhere
drain blocked ward 22 near the park sewage overflowing on road Nobody is listening to us.
yaar ward no 3 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
basically dear mc, open manhole near the market laxmi nagar very dangerous especially at night When will this be fixed??
bhai respected officer, ward no 10 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili We are very tired of this.
this is to inform you that water pressure very low in our colony ward 2 over a fortnight barely enough We are very tired of this.
you know Hello sir, ward 12 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है for 10 days से STILL not resolved!!!
u see To whom it may concern, 3 people in my building got dengue ward 26 please spray
I mean i want to report that main pipeline burst wrad 3 water gushing out past 2 weeks
tbh nullah blocked wrd 21 mosquito breeding happening Disgusting situation.
basically We the residents of ward no 8 want to say that safai nahi ho rahi ward no 8 since last night se kachra uthao na
this is to inform you that mosquito problem ward no 24 at the junction no fogging 3 din se
dustbin overflowing ward 34 noot emptied snce the rain We are very tired of this.
bhai it's been since yesterday and still ward no 8 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है When will this be fixed??
actually property mutation not done ward 9 applied from last tuesday ago Please take urgent action!!!
potholes on main rood andheri east causing accidents kaafi dino se We are very tired of this.
like applied FOR mutation sinc monday no update Chembur Kab tak wait karein???
you know despite our previous cmplts, dog attack wadr 13 at the corner child got bitten please help
tbh I want to report that wardd no 4 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं Please take urgent action!!!
u see Hello sir, W-7 NEAR the market BINA permission CONSTRUCTION ho raha hai
basically Respected officer, drainn blocked W-11 at the main raod sewage overflowing on raod
To whom it may concern, online payment fail ho gayi ward 47 mein paise kat gaye This has been going on too long.
I mean street ligh wire hanging loose near station Chembur shock risk
yaar no response to building permission application w-3 sine the rain When will this be fixed??
we the residents of ward 14 want to say that wadr 14 in the lane bina permission construction ho raha hai When will this be fixed??
sir कचरेवाले को बुलाया w-11 में पर कोई नहीं आया Please take urgent action!!!
sir Hi, drainage overflow during rain ward 29 flooding streets STILL not resolved!!!
like 1 light working out of 10 in W-15 rest all dead Nobody is listening to us.
u see dear mc, vikhroli ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge We are very tired of this.
I mean hi, fire noc required ward 49 nt getting it कब होगा काम???
tax notice aaya hai wrad 24 ka lekin payment ho chuki
It's been महीने भर से and STILL ward no 14 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं This has been going on too long.
actually Urgent complaint: property tax portal down cannot pay ward 17
u see hello sir, paid ₹25000 property tax but still showing dues wardd 31 कब होगा काम???
tbh i want to report that pipe phoot gayi w-7 at the main rood mein paani beh raha hai Kab tak wait karein???
bhai hello sir, w-9 office mein plan submit kiya over a fortnight reply nahi Very disappointed with MC.
to whom it may concern, open manhole near the park andheri east very dangerous especially at night Please take urgent action!!!
you know it's been sine morning and still ward no 27 ki roda bilkul kharab hai kab banoge STILL not resolved!!!
yaar hello sir, ward no 29 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain 3 din se se bahut takleef Kab tak wait karein???
actually urgnt complain: at the main roda w-18 ka kuda uthao yaar 3 din se se nahi utha
basically hi, water looks muddy ward 44 near station महीने भर से STILL not resolved!!!
sir it's been महीने भर से and still kurla में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं We are very tired of this.
like Urgent complaint: ward 33 में नामांतरण for 10 days से लंबित है कब होगा Nobody is listening to us.
hello sir, waste not picked ward 11 near sector 7 since diwali piling up on road Please take urgent action!!!
you know ward 6 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
I mean water supply stopped w-2 for 10 dayz residents suffering badly
you know To whom it may concern, paid proprty tax ward no 20 but receipt not received This has been going on too long.
you know Bandra West में SINCE yesterday से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
We the residents of wadr no 27 want to say that gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward no 27 traffic jam ho raha When will this be fixed??
basically Despite our previous complaints, नाली से बदबू ward NO 21 में past 2 weeks से असहनीय हो गई है Very disappointed with MC.
I mean To whom IT may concern, no response to building permission APPLICATION wardd 40 past 6 hours
u see it's been for 10 day and still road full of potholes w-12 for 10 dyas vehicles getting damaged
dear mc, w-3 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Very disappointed with MC.
actually respected officer, ward 35 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
tbh mulund mein mutation nahi hua since 3 days se apply kiya tha STILL not resolved!!!
you know It's been since last night and still ward no 13 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge STILL not resolved!!!
i want to report that garbage wala nahi aaya ward 19 near d-block for 2 days se
actually Dear MC, water pressure very low at the junction Santacruz past 2 weeks barely enough कब होगा काम???
like applied for mutation sine monday no update Karol Bagh This has been going on too long.
actually ward no 12 office se birth certifcate nahi mila for 5 days se
like to whom it may concern, dustbin bhar gayi ward no 12 mein khali karo please Please take urgent action!!!
u see hi, wator has weird smell and colour ward no 16
u see respected officer, stray dogs not sterilized wardd no 1 population increasing This is ridiculous!
it's been for 10 days and still construction waste dumped on roda karol bagh by builder Please take urgent action!!!
actually Despite our previous complains, dog attack ward 17 at plot no 45 child got bitten please help
I mean i want to report that street light toot gayi at the main road w-7 past 2 weeks se When will this be fixed??
pimpri office mein plan submit kiya past 2 weeks reply nahi Please take urgent action!!!
you know i want to report that kurla in front of my building bina permission construction ho raha hai
tbh hello sir, garbage lying on road ward no 21 over a fortnight disease risk Please take urgent action!!!
Gutter bhar gaya w-15 mein log paani mein chal rahe Very disappointed with MC.
u see Hi, stray cattle blocking road w-1 since the monsoon
you know dear mc, huge potholes outside my house andheri east very dangerous Nobody is listening to us.
My baby born महीने भर से certificate still noot ready ward 8
we the residents of wrad no 18 want to say that big water leak ward no 18 since last night nobody coming to fix कब होगा काम???
I mean despite our previous complaints, ward 5 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
I want to report that road full of potholes wadr 17 snce last night vehicles getting damaged
basically this is to inform you that wardd no 26 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय over a fortnight से साफ नहीं हुआ When will this be fixed??
tbh bandra west में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं Very disappointed with MC.
Commencement certifcate nt received ward 48 despite approval
Vile parle mein death certificate nahi mila for 2 days se urgent hai
like this is to inform you that govandi near the temple में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
urgent complaint: nali choke ho gayi ward 9 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha Very disappointed with MC.
it's been kaafi dino se and still gutter bhar gaya hadapsar mein log paani mein chal rahe
Dear MC, water filter getting choked daily W-4 water very bad quality This is ridiculous!
you know dear mc, mosquito problem ward no 11 near the school no fogging since morning
i want to report that machhar bahut hain w-17 3 din se se spray kab karoge This is ridiculous!
bhai Despite our previous complaints, KAL kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward no 21 mein urgent karo
you know नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward 42 में for 10 days से Disgusting situation.
you know we the residents of wrad 46 want to say that गड्ढे की वजह से wardd 46 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
dear mc, entire footpath occupied by shop at the main road w-11 since last night When will this be fixed??
actually Pack of dogs chasing people wadr 20 very scary We are very tired of this.
गड्ढे की वजह से ward no 11 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा This has been going on too long.
basically wator looks muddy W-11 opposite the hospital for 10 day When will this be fixed??
sir This is to inform you that ward 2 mein dukan KA LICENSE renew nahi hua since 3 days se We are very tired of this.
sir hello sir, main pipeline burst ward 17 wter gushing out महीने भर से
u see I want to report that it rained and entire road disappeared w-3 only pits left
tbh ward 7 की सड़क की हालत खराब है for 10 days से मरम्मत नहीं
sir despite our previous complaints, wadala in the bylane bina permission construction ho raha hai
I want to REPORT THAT online PAYMENT fail ho gayi Santacruz mein paise kat gaye
you know wardd 3 में महीने भर से से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Very disappointed with MC.
हमारे ward 30 में since last night से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे Disgusting situation.
you know hi, major pipe burst in our colony ward 45 watr wasting
bhai this is to inform you that illegal construction bandra west at the corner without permission We are very tired of this.
online property tax payment failed AMOUNT ₹3500 DEDUCTED Vile Parle
basically garbage not collected ward no 6 snce yesterday unbearable smell
in the lane chembur में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
no streetlight ward 33 near the temple theft increasing This has been going on too long.
you know Respected officer, birth certficate noot received Chembur OFFICE from 4 dyas
actually respected officer, पड़ोसी ने malviya nagar में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली
I mean to whom it may concern, gutter bhar gaya chembur mein log paani mein chal rahe This is ridiculous!
u see urgent complaint: kab aayega paani ward no 26 mein itna wait kar rahe hain Kab tak wait karein???
Urgent complaint: wardd no 9 में स्ट्रीट लाइट since diwali से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward no 24 ka This is ridiculous!
u see unauthorized building ward no 5 pls stop Very disappointed with MC.
you know Hello sir, my area ward 48 has not seen garbage van SNCE SINCE YESTERDAY
new trade license not processed ward 43 past 6 hours This has been going on too long.
basically WE the residents of ward no 9 want to SAY that ward no 9 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete This has been going on too long.
you know This is to inform you that cylinder blast hua near the market W-3 mein emergency Disgusting situation.
tbh i want to report that teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward no 3 ka kuda uthane STILL not resolved!!!
basically URGENT complaint: नाली से बदबू ward 8 में since diwali से असहनीय हो गई है Nobody is listening to us.
like urgnt complaint: maa ka certificate chahiye vikhroli office se from last tuesday ho gaye STILL not resolved!!!
sir garbage wala nahi aaya w-17 at the signal for 10 days se Disgusting situation.
dear mc, in the bylane ward no 2 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
Dear MC, road repair karo ward 22 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar कब होगा काम???
tbh This is to inform you that property mutation not done ward 21 applied for 10 days ago Disgusting situation.
Urgent complaint: mutation request pending ward no 1 from 4 days please PROCESS
respected officer, big water leak borivali from last tuesday nobody coming to fix
sir dear mc, paani nahi aa raha govandi mein for the past week se
like hello sir, गड्ढे की वजह से ward no 2 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा We are very tired of this.
you know WRONG property tax ASSESSMENT ward 35 propety This has been going on too long.
we the residents of w-12 want to say that paid property tax w-12 but receipt not received Nobody is listening to us.
basically To whom it may concern, my building behind the mall dharavi has no water from since last night what to do
you know in front of my building wrad 36 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है This has been going on too long.
I mean hi, my shop has no license because laxmi nagar office not responding
dear mc, ward 21 में in front of my building पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है We are very tired of this.
I mean wardd 20 में मच्छरों की समस्या since THE rain से है When will this be fixed??
actually Dear MC, ward no 26 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for the past week से लंबित है कब होगा काम???
basically It's been sine the rain and still fire broke OUT at the signal wardd no 12 FIRE brigade DELAYED कब होगा काम???
my building opposite the hospital wrd no 19 has no water from for the past week what to do When will this be fixed??
this is to inform you that mosquito breeding open drain ward 8 health risk Very disappointed with MC.
garbge not collected wadr no 20 since morning unbearable smell
you know respected officer, vikhroli में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है from last tuesday से Very disappointed with MC.
near the temple wardd 22 ka kuda uthao yaar since the rain se nahi utha
basically it's been 1 hafte se and still ward no 13 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
I mean water looks muddy WADR no 28 NEAR D-block since 3 days
Hi, no response to building permission application wadr no 18 SINCE MONDAY
I mean Hi, wadr no 7 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein Please take urgent action!!!
tbh respected officer, we called the garbaage number 3 times ward 45 no response कब होगा काम???
u see i want to report that building plan submitted w-16 for 2 days no response
like I want to report that bacche ka certificate nahi bana wrd no 1 mein past 2 weeks lag gaye कब होगा काम???
Urgent cmplt: garbaje collector takes money still NOT COLLECTING ward 38
we the residents of ward no 11 want to say that trade license ke liye 1 hafte se se wait kar raha hoon ward no 11 Very disappointed with MC.
bhai This is to inform you that no streetlight wrd 4 near the school theft increasing
bhai hi, wardd no 11 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
tbh This is to inform you that tax demand notice for thane but payment done since 3 days ago
like I want to report that my baby born snce morning certificate still not ready Chembur When will this be fixed??
Hello sir, garbage not colected ward 3 1 HAFTE se unbearable smell कब होगा काम???
bhai small fire SION near THE school before it spreads please come
This is TO inform YOU that illegall building BAN raha hai ward no 25 mein rok do
u see We the residents OF W-14 WANT to say that nahi aa rha paani W-14 mein please koi to suno Very disappointed with MC.
actually This is to inform you that it rained and entire road disappeared ward 24 ONLY pits left Please take urgent action!!!
water has weird smell and colour ward 19
actually urgent complaint: nahi aa rha paani w-17 mein pls koi to suno कब होगा काम???
u see wadr 28 में in our colony पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है Please take urgent action!!!
ward no 25 mein death certificate nahi mila for the past week se urgent hai कब होगा काम???
urgent complaint: ward 15 mein death certificate nahi mila since 3 days se urgent hai
It's been since diwali AND still no response to building permission application wardd NO 22 since diwali Very disappointed with MC.
like i want to report that at the main road ward no 4 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Very disappointed with MC.
like HI, garbage nto collected Malviya Nagar महीने भर से unbearable smell
sir we the residents of ward 36 want to say that wardd 36 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं This has been going on too long.
bhai This is to inform you that wardd 19 में snce diwali से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
it's been past 6 hours and still maa ka certificate chahiye wrad no 28 office se past 6 hours ho gaye We are very tired of this.
I mean ward 18 mein paani band hai since last night se log taras rahe hain Kab tak wait karein???
like Dear MC, my area wardd 3 has not seen garbage van since since diwali
you know To whom it may concern, ₹25000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai Laxmi Nagar
drainage overflow during rain wrd 5 flooding streets Disgusting situation.
hello sir, kachra nahi utha ward 45 mein snce morning se bahut badbu Please take urgent action!!!
bhai near station ward 31 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है This is ridiculous!
you know despite our previous complaints, pothole at the corner govandi bike accident happened yesterday Disgusting situation.
yaar trade LICENSE renewal pending for THE past week shop ward 37
like Respected officer, Bandra West at the corner mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi Please take urgent action!!!
bhai to whom it may concern, massive crater sized pothole near the school wrd no 4 since since morning
this is to inform you that opposite the hospital ward 10 ka kuda uthao yaar since monday se nahi utha
actually hi, stinking garbage pile outside my house ward 46 dogs spreading it everywhere
yaar Respected officer, street light wire hanging loose outside my house Wadala shock risk Kab tak wait karein???
I mean We the residents of ward 41 want TO say THAT ward 41 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Nobody is listening to us.
sir To whom it may concern, tap is dry wadr no 12 snce last month pls check the pipeline Nobody is listening to us.
tbh dear mc, wrong property tax assessment ward no 5 property Very disappointed with MC.
I mean near the park ward no 3 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है This is ridiculous!
you know Hello sir, building PLAN submitted WARD 28 for 10 days no response Kab tak wait karein???
sir hello sir, drain choked w-2 from last tuesday foul smell health hazard
tbh urgnt cmplt: teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya matunga ka kuda uthane
actually Respected officer, malaria fear wadr 41 drain not cleaned since yesterday This is ridiculous!
u see respected officer, w-16 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति since last night से बाधित है
we the residents of wrad 32 want to say that small fire ward 32 behind the mall before it spreads plese come
yaar It's been past 6 hours AND still ₹12000 bhar diye phir bhi DUE show ho RAHA hai Dharavi
actually TO whom it may concern, WARD 3 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
like tax demand notice for w-15 but payment done for 5 days ago This is ridiculous!
urgent complaint: builder ne maal near the school ward no 5 road pe daal diya hata do We are very tired of this.
yaar dear mc, rood dug up for costrution never repaired w-16 past 6 hours STILL not resolved!!!
u see urgent complaint: w-14 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi
We the residents of ward 11 want to say that manhole cover missing outside my house ward 11 someone will fall STILL not resolved!!!
you know Dear MC, no water sine for the past week in ward 2 when will tanker come
like urgent complain: pack of dogs chasing people ward no 20 very scary
tbh W-8 at the signal nali band hai for the past week se badbu aa rahi
I mean to whom it may concern, pipe toot gayi at plot no 45 wrad 47 ke paas jaldi aao We are very tired of this.
we the residents of ward 7 want to say that toilet always locked ward 7 in front of my building useless facility
bhai we the residents of ward no 12 want to say that kachra nahi utha ward no 12 mein from last tuesday se bahut badbu
basically despite our previous complaints, garbage wala nahi aaya ward 34 opposite the hospital since the rain se
road dug up for CONSTRACTION never repaired Powai since 3 days Very disappointed with MC.
you know to whom it may concern, water not coming from tap near the temple ward no 11 Nobody is listening to us.
respected officer, water looks muddy ward 3 opposite the hospital past 6 hours
We the residents of ward 47 want to say that construction without plan approval ward 47 Kab tak wait karein???
Dear mc, garbage nt collected ward 18 3 din se unbearable smell This is ridiculous!
you know hello sir, roda condition pathetic ward 40 multiple potholes 1 hafte se
yaar this is to inform you that ward 35 में for 2 days से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
yaar Dear MC, footpath pe encroachment hai near the school Koramangala mein
Dear MC, MANHOLE cover MISSING near the PARK Govandi someone will fall When will this be fixed??
basically wardd 21 office se birth certficate nahi mila for 10 dayz se कब होगा काम???
u see aaj bhi wrd no 19 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo This has been going on too long.
tbh waste NOT picked W-14 in the LANE past 2 weeks piling up on raod Disgusting situation.
bhai Urgent complain: wardd no 14 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें Disgusting situation.
basically this is to inform you that roda pe gadd hai near the park indiranagar bike wale girte hain
tbh To whom it may concern, ward 35 at plot no 45 bina permission CONSTRUCTION ho raha hai
big water leak Borivali since monday nobody coming to fix Kab tak wait karein???
Hello sir, builder ne maal outside my house ward no 20 road pe daal diya hata do
basically despite our previous complaints, my shop has no license because ward 37 office not responding Kab tak wait karein???
you know hi, mosquito problem ward 2 in the bylane no fogging since diwali
you know WE the residents of wrad 31 want to say that ward 31 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति 3 din se से बाधित है This is ridiculous!
actually to whom it may concern, toilet broken and stinking wadala nobody cleaning When will this be fixed??
like hi, entire ward 39 in darkness after 9pm kaafi dino se When will this be fixed??
sir urgent complaint: bhai ward 49 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo Please take urgent action!!!
I mean We the residents of W-7 want to say that W-7 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया Nobody is listening to us.
sir Despite our previous complaints, my area ward 44 has not seen garbage van since since 3 days Kab tak wait karein???
Hello sir, gutter overflow ward no 17 people walking in waste wter
yaar fire noc required Dharavi not GETTING IT
It's been kaafi dino se and still ward no 12 office mein plan submit kiya kaafi dino se reply nahi Please take urgent action!!!
you know It's BEEN from last tuesday and still TAX demand notice for wadr 41 but payment done from last tuesday AGO Disgusting situation.
birth CERTIFCATE not received Govandi office FOR 10 days When will this be fixed??
Hello SIR, road dug up for construction NEVER repaired ward 8 past 2 weeks Kab tak wait karein???
garbage not collected ward 4 sinc last night unbearable smell
you know light pole broken Kurla dangerous live wire exposed
dear mc, no response to building permission application ward no 8 for 10 days We are very tired of this.
u see hello sir, w-11 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं Nobody is listening to us.
We the RESIDENTS of W-17 want to say that waterlogging after rain W-17 mosquito PROBLEM getting worse
like it's been sinc 3 days and still ward no 2 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Disgusting situation.
tbh urgent complaint: naam galat likha hai certficate mein wadr no 6 ka We are very tired of this.
dear mc, builder ne maal near d-block wrad 25 road pe daal diya hata do This has been going on too long.
sir i want to report that water leakage at plot no 45 w-6 huge wastage plz fix Kab tak wait karein???
I mean hi, pipe phoot gayi wrad no 18 outside my house mein paani beh raha hai
i want to report that ward 23 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua since last month se कब होगा काम???
sir i want to report that ward no 20 in the bylane mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi When will this be fixed??
tbh Bhari water leakage at the naka sadak bhar gayi
it's been from last tuesday and still wardd 44 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें This is ridiculous!
u see despite our previous complaints, waste not picked ward no 1 in the lane for 5 days piling up on road This is ridiculous!
despite our previous complaints, near the market ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya w-2 mein from last tuesday se
sir mosquito problem ward 22 behind the mall no fogging महीने भर से
ward no 4 ki lgiht band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
basically I want to report that dog attack Vikhroli IN our colony child GOT bitten PLEASE help Very disappointed with MC.
gutter bhar gaya ward 19 mein log paani mein chal rahe This is ridiculous!
yaar pipe leaking outside near station ward no 23 creating pothole also
dog attack ward 2 at the corner child got bitten please help Kab tak wait karein???
It's been for 2 dayz and still TRADE license ke liye for 2 days se wait kar raha hoon ward no 21
actually footpath pe encroachment hai at the main roda ward 36 mein Disgusting situation.
you know i want to report that matunga ki ligh band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
bhai this is to inform you that matunga में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं Please take urgent action!!!
Hi, ward 32 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
sir WE the RESIDENTS of ward 41 want to SAY that entire footpath occupied by shop at THE junction ward 41 for the past week
it's been past 2 weeks and still death certificate not issued w-8 office past 2 weeks STILL not resolved!!!
actually hi, illegal dump near the park wadr no 13 flies mosquitoes everywhere
I mean It's been since morning and still near the school ward 46 ka kuda uthao yaar since morning se nahi utha This is ridiculous!
like it's been from 4 days and still potholes on main road ward no 2 causing accidents from 4 days Nobody is listening to us.
tbh despite our previous complaints, malaria fear malviya nagar drain not cleaned kaafi dino se
We the residents of ward 25 want to say that construction waste dumped on road wadr 25 by builder This is ridiculous!
u see i want to report that powai से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र since morning से नहीं मिला Very disappointed with MC.
basically wardd 10 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक This is ridiculous!
I mean we the residents of santacruz want to say that propety mutation nt done santacruz applied since morning ago
bhai ward no 6 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
actually to whom it may concern, wrad no 24 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है
like IT'S been for the past WEEK AND still kachra gaadi aayi HI nahi Dharavi me for the PAST week SE
tbh Respected officer, W-16 में NEAR THE market पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
like road full of potholes w-1 महीने भर से vehicles getting damaged This is ridiculous!
you know we the residents of w-13 want to say that pipe phoot gayi w-13 near the market mein paani beh raha hai
tbh to whom it may concern, it rained and entire road disappeared w-2 only pits left STILL not resolved!!!
I mean To whom it may concern, hadapsar mein paani ka pipe 1 hafte se se leak ho raha hai This has been going on too long.
Registered birth 1 hafte se but certificate nt issued ward 28 Disgusting situation.
you know To whom it may concern, ward 26 office mein plan submit kiya for 10 days reply nahi
bhai garbage not collected w-8 over a fortnight unbearable smell This is ridiculous!
Respected officer, water has weird smell and colour ward 46 Nobody is listening to us.
this is to inform you that govandi में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली We are very tired of this.
I mean swm worker absent from ward no 22 at the junction snce the monsoon
yaar Despite our previous complains, paid some amount property tax but still showing dues w-4 Kab tak wait karein???
u see despite our previous complaints, fire broke out near d-block ward no 27 fire brigade delayed Nobody is listening to us.
yaar aaj fir gira MAI ward 44 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche
To whom it may concern, ward no 16 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
bhai Respected officer, wrad 26 में in the bylane पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है Kab tak wait karein???
basically respected officer, ward no 15 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें STILL not resolved!!!
Respected officer, BIG wator leak ward 29 SINCE monday nobody coming TO fix Please take urgent action!!!
bhai kachra nahi utha W-3 mein for 2 days SE bahut badbu
to whom it may concern, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain shivaji nagar traffic jam ho raha This is ridiculous!
tbh despite our previous complaints, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi shivaji nagar me since the monsoon se Nobody is listening to us.
you know This is to inform you that no response to building permission application wardd 47 from 4 days STILL not resolved!!!
hello sir, wrd 41 near the temple mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao This is ridiculous!
basically RESPECTED officer, LAXMI Nagar ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Please take urgent action!!!
tbh tax notice aaya hai ward no 9 ka lekin payment ho chuki Disgusting situation.
basically i want to report that builder ne maal at the main roda w-16 road pe daal diya hata do This has been going on too long.
I mean hello sir, water not coming from tap in our colony ward 49 Kab tak wait karein???
actually पड़ोसी ने ward 13 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली
hi, paani nahi aa raha wardd 48 mein sine yesterday se Disgusting situation.
you know respected officer, w-1 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
yaar Ward no 23 office mein plan submit kiya past 6 hours reply nahi Nobody is listening to us.
actually We the residents of ward 6 want to say that entire footpath occupied by shop in the lane wrad 6 for 2 days
street light toot gayi near the park bandra west past 2 weeks se This is ridiculous!
actually Respected officer, huge POTHOLES at plot no 45 wardd 22 very dangerous STILL not resolved!!!
machhar bahut hain ward 31 since monday se spray kab karoge Nobody is listening to us.
actually Dear MC, massive crater sized pothole at the main road wrad 44 since since monday When will this be fixed??
bhai dear mc, online payment fail ho gayi vile parle mein paise kat gaye Please take urgent action!!!
u see Dustbin bhar gayi govandi mein khali karo please Please take urgent action!!!
I mean mutation ka koi STATUS nahi mila ward 2 ka Please take urgent action!!!
actually dear mc, daily water supply disrupted govandi past since 3 days pipeline blocked maybe कब होगा काम???
you know to whom it may concern, w-12 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें This has been going on too long.
tbh Respected officer, street light toot gayi near the market ward no 20 kaafi dino se se
basically Hello sir, meri BETI ko dengue hua wardd 4 mein ab bhi KUCH nahi hua Nobody is listening to us.
you know despite our previous complains, w-11 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe
like It's been since diwali and still ward no 25 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है This has been going on too long.
you know respected officer, ward 10 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain from 4 days se bahut takleef
sir trade license RENEWAL pending kaafi dino se SHOP ward no 10
yaar it's been since the rain and still drainage overflow during rain ward 8 flooding streets Very disappointed with MC.
tbh to whom it may concern, ward 23 office se birth certiifcate nahi mila for 2 days se We are very tired of this.
actually despite our previous complaints, neighbor built extra floor without permission shivaji nagar This is ridiculous!
actually Bhai wrad 7 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
u see this is to inform you that dengue cases increasing ward 16 stagnant watr not removed
I mean street ligth nto working wardd no 22 near the temple since the rain very dark at night
you know dengue cases increasing wrd 14 stagnant water not removed We are very tired of this.
u see Despite our previous complaints, builder started work at night ward 16 near the park no permission Disgusting situation.
tbh garbage collector takes money still not collecting ward 45
despite our previous complaints, my shop has no license because laxmi nagar office not responding We are very tired of this.
bhai this is to inform you that santacruz ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili Nobody is listening to us.
despite our previous complaints, encroachment on footpath in the lane bandra west pedestrians cant walk
bhai to whom it may concern, aaj bhi w-13 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo कब होगा काम???
like UNAUTHORIZED BUILDING WARD no 28 please stop Very disappointed with MC.
sir respected officer, stinking garbage pile in the lane w-9 dogs spreading it everywhere
basically muicipal tanker nt coming to w-12 sinc yesterday
like to whom it may concern, water filter getting choked daily ward 15 watr very bad quality When will this be fixed??
hello sir, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा w-9 में since the monsoon से Nobody is listening to us.
yaar kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward no 28 mein urgent karo When will this be fixed??
hello sir, birth certifcate not received govandi office since yesterday
bhai Respected officer, stray dogs not sterilized ward no 21 population increasing
bhai Dear MC, garbage collector takes money still not collecting W-4 कब होगा काम???
tbh to whom it may concern, raod condition pathetic ward 2 multiple potholes sinc yesterday When will this be fixed??
sir we the residents of ward 34 want to say that street light not working ward 34 near the park past 2 weeks very dark at night We are very tired of this.
u see street light nt working Govandi at the naka since last month very dark at night Disgusting situation.
sir Hi, GARBAGE wala nahi aaya ward 23 in the lane महीने भर से se
yaar to whom it may concern, tax notice aaya hai matunga ka lekin payment ho chuki
basically to whom it may concern, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward 20 में for 10 days से
u see my scooter fell in pothole W-6 NEAR the SCHOOL i got HURT Nobody is listening to us.
yaar we the residents of ward 37 want to say that ward 37 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
like i want to report that my area wadr 4 has not seen garbage van snce sinc last month When will this be fixed??
like watr pipe cracked wrd no 17 at the signal road become muddy When will this be fixed??
like it's been from last tuesday and still paani ki problem hai sion mein from last tuesday se nala band hogaya कब होगा काम???
actually i want to report that wadr 20 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
tbh to whom it may concern, cylinder blast hua in the bylane wrad 12 mein emergency This is ridiculous!
you know RESPECTED OFFICER, wire latki hui hai at the signal shock lag SAKTA hai kisi ko
dear mc, waterlogging after rain ward 49 mosquito problem getting worse We are very tired of this.
u see wadala ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega We are very tired of this.
actually hi, dustbin bhar gayi laxmi nagar mein khali karo pls
I mean DESPITE our previous complaints, mutation request pending Dharavi महीने भर से plz process
bhai Respected officer, entire W-10 in darkness after 9pm since monday
this is to inform you that construction without plan approval vikhroli Disgusting situation.
I mean garbaje lying on road ward no 16 since diwali disease risk When will this be fixed??
you know I want to report that nali choke ho gayi ward no 20 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha
to whom it may concern, tap is dry ward 44 since diwali please check the pipeline
Urgent complaint: in our colony w-19 ka kuda uthao yaar for 5 days se nahi utha
respected officer, waste not picked w-2 in front of my building since yesterday piling up on road
pipe leaking outside in the lane wadala creating pothole also
bhai urgent cmplt: applied for mutation past 2 weeks no update ward 8
aaj bhi ward 26 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
like no streetlight wrad no 9 in the bylane theft increasing This has been going on too long.
cow sitting on main road ward 29 traffic blocked When will this be fixed??
i want to report that tax demand notice for w-9 but payment done sine the rain ago We are very tired of this.
you know IT'S been sinc last month and still street light nto working Sion NEAR sector 7 snce last MONTH VERY dark at night We are very tired of this.
sir dear mc, daily water supply disrupted wrd no 28 past since last month pipeline blocked maybe Please take urgent action!!!
I mean at the main roaad ward 44 ka kuda uthao yaar since last month se nahi utha STILL not resolved!!!
yaar hello sir, fire at building ward no 20 in the bylane pleese send fire engine This has been going on too long.
actually we the residents of wrd 12 want to say that wadr 12 में स्ट्रीट लाइट since diwali से बंद है रात में अंधेरा This is ridiculous!
you know drain blocked wrad 27 at the main road sewage overflowing on road STILL not resolved!!!
I mean dear mc, toilet broken and stinking wrad 29 nobody cleaning Please take urgent action!!!
yaar tap is dry ward 14 since morning pls check the pipeline This is ridiculous!
u see dear mc, w-8 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
dear mc, gutter bhar gaya ward 33 mein log paani mein chal rahe STILL not resolved!!!
I mean tax demand notice for ward 19 but payment done for the past week ago
wter supply stopped ward 41 kaafi dino se residents suffering badly कब होगा काम???
yaar We THE residents of wardd no 23 want TO say that online payment fail HO gayi ward no 23 mein paise kat gaye Disgusting situation.
ward no 26 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
you know it's been sine last night and still nali choke ho gayi w-12 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha This has been going on too long.
I mean water not coming from tap in front of my building w-4
basically it's been past 6 hours and still ward no 9 में at the naka के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक
like It's been past 2 weeks and still unauthorized building wadr 10 please stop This has been going on too long.
I mean W-12 में in the lane के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक This is ridiculous!
despite our previous complains, need death certificate urgently wadr no 8 for insurance When will this be fixed??
Respected officer, wter pressure very low opposite the hospital ward 49 sinc monday barely enough कब होगा काम???
yaar respected officer, potholes on main road santacruz causing accidents over a fortnight
nahi aa rha paani ward 45 mein PLEASE koi to suno STILL not resolved!!!
dear mc, it rained and entire road disappeared pimpri only pits left
you know matunga mein paani ka pipe for 10 days se leak ho raha hai We are very tired of this.
basically urgent complaint: small fire ward no 15 near the temple before it spreads please come Disgusting situation.
respected officer, stray cattle blocking road ward no 23 for 5 days STILL not resolved!!!
dustbin overflowing wrd 17 not emptied snce last night This is ridiculous!
Dear MC, garbage truck noot coming ward 39 over a fortnight This has been going on too long.
actually dear mc, no water since for 2 days in andheri east when will tanker come
actually gutter overflow ward no 15 people walking in waste water Disgusting situation.
basically Dear MC, encroachment on footpath at plot no 45 wardd 45 pedestrians cant walk कब होगा काम???
this is to inform you that pipe phoot gayi ward 14 behind the mall mein paani beh raha hai Kab tak wait karein???
yaar ward 37 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Disgusting situation.
To whom it may concern, garbage wala nahi aaya w-7 in the bylane for 10 days se Very disappointed with MC.
basically to whom it may concern, raat ko construction chal raha tha w-7 bina permission We are very tired of this.
tbh respected officer, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward 2 traffic jam ho raha
I mean IT'S been since monday and still mosquito breeding OPEN drain wadr 38 HEALTH risk
like wrad no 20 में at plot no 45 पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है STILL not resolved!!!
I mean we the residents of ward 27 want to say that गड्ढे की वजह से wrad 27 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
hi, manhole cover missing in our colony ward 42 someone will fall
I mean despite our previous complaints, we called the garbage number 3 times ward 40 no response Disgusting situation.
like dustbin bhar gayi ward no 4 mein khali karo please STILL not resolved!!!
we the residents of wrd no 7 want to say that ward no 7 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति kaafi dino se से बाधित है STILL not resolved!!!
I want to report that my area ward no 24 has not seen garbage van sinc past 6 hours कब होगा काम???
mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward 33 ka Nobody is listening to us.
bhai Swm worker absent from ward 48 near the market for 2 days
hello sir, paani ki problem hai w-13 mein since the monsoon se nala band hogaya
sir I want to report THAT cylinder blast behind the mall ward 6 need immediate help Nobody is listening to us.
bhai this is to inform you that w-19 opposite the hospital bina permission construction ho raha hai We are very tired of this.
we the residents of ward 24 want to say that kab aayega paani ward 24 mein itna wait kar rahe hain
like dear mc, maa ka certifcate chahiye ward no 23 office se महीने भर से ho gaye
sir हमारे ward 9 में KAAFI dino se से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे STILL not resolved!!!
bhai we r not GETTING wter ward 39 4 for the past week wat is happening This has been going on too long.
basically URGENT complaint: W-18 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo When will this be fixed??
Paani nahi aa raha kurla mein since yesterday se Kab tak wait karein???
to whom it may concern, dustbin bhar gayi pimpri mein khali karo plz
bhai It's been for 2 days and STILL builder ne maal at plot NO 45 wadr 14 road pe daal DIYA hata do Disgusting situation.
road broken badly w-4 in the bylane car tyres punctured 2 times Disgusting situation.
yaar SEWAGE smell unbearable ward NO 4 3 DIN se kids cant go to school We are very tired of this.
like it's been from 4 days and still daily water supply disrupted ward 14 past from 4 day pipeline blocked maybe कब होगा काम???
yaar Dear MC, daily water supply disrupted wardd no 11 past since the monsoon pipeline blocked maybe This has been going on too long.
urgent complaint: big water leak ward 47 for the past week nobody coming to fix
tbh hello sir, trade license ke liye since last night se wait kar raha hoon wrd 36
u see NO response to building permission application wadr 11 for 5 days
कचरेवाले को बुलाया WARD no 22 में पर कोई नहीं आया This is ridiculous!
stray dogs not sterilized wadala population increasing
despite our previous complaints, w-13 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete
I want to report that pipe toot gayi near the temple ward 19 ke paas jaldi aao This has been going on too long.
water from tap vile parle yellow coloured nto drinkable
sir I want to report THAT wardd 29 at the junction nali band hai महीने भर से se badbu AA rahi STILL not resolved!!!
i want to report that ward no 1 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें Disgusting situation.
you know gutter overflow ward 44 people walking in waste water This is ridiculous!
tbh this is to inform you that wadr 16 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for 5 days से लंबित है We are very tired of this.
sir it's been from 4 days and still builder started work at night mulund in front of my building no permission This has been going on too long.
bhai urgent complaint: ward 43 में since monday से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। We are very tired of this.
I mean Hi, no streetlight Matunga at the signal theft increasing
bhai outside my house ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya W-1 mein for 10 dayz se कब होगा काम???
actually It's BEEN for THE past week AND still 1 LIGHT working out of 10 in ward no 6 rest all dead This has been going on too long.
urgent cmplt: no public toilet ward 23 in our colony open defecation happening Very disappointed with MC.
you know urgent complaint: small fire ward 24 near the park before it spreads please come
yaar This is TO inform you that water from tap ward no 17 YELLOW COLOURED not drinkable
Hi, major pipe burst at plot no 45 ward 14 water wasting We are very tired of this.
u see urgent complaint: नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा w-9 में for 2 days से Please take urgent action!!!
bhai ward no 4 mein dengue KE case aa rahe hain fogging KARO We are very tired of this.
to whom it may concern, w-19 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
bhai it's been for the past week and still wator filter getting choked daily w-1 water very bad quality Nobody is listening to us.
pipe phoot gayi ward no 12 behind the mall mein paani beh raha hai कब होगा काम???
tbh hi, wator leakage near the school ward no 4 huge wastage pleese fix Very disappointed with MC.
hi, small fire w-2 near the school before it spreads plz come
sir HI, ward no 27 में नामांतरण FOR 2 days से लंबित है कब होगा
raat ko construction chal raha tha wardd no 4 bina permission Very disappointed with MC.
tbh dustbin overflowing ward 9 not emptied since last month
I mean this is to inform you that registered birth for 10 dyas but certificate nto issued ward no 19
like Hello sir, ward 16 में व्यापार लाइसेंस over a fortnight से लंबित है This has been going on too long.
To whom it may concern, meri beti ko dengue hua w-6 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua When will this be fixed??
like hello sir, aaj fir gira mai ward no 12 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche
basically we the residents of wrd no 8 want to say that wter pipe cracked ward no 8 at the corner raod become muddy This has been going on too long.
to whom it may concern, drainage overflow during rain ward no 23 flooding streets
sir i want to report that public toilet ward no 24 very dirty not cleaned since last month
sir it's been since the rain and still no water in ward 36 since the rain Please take urgent action!!!
This IS TO inform you that 3 people in my building got dengue ward 42 please spray
to whom it may concern, light pole broken ward 40 dangerous live wire exposed
sir potholes on main road wadr 18 causing accidents past 6 hours
bhai urgent complaint: rood full of potholes w-9 since morning vehicles getting damaged This has been going on too long.
Dear MC, pothole in the bylane ward 18 bike accident happened yesterday This is ridiculous!
ward 46 की सड़क की हालत खराब है since the rain से मरम्मत नहीं
sir kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko wrad 33 mein urgent karo
like Respected officer, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward no 7 me sinc the monsoon se
sir hello sir, mosquito breeding open darin wadr no 13 health risk
I mean this is to inform you that road pe gadd hai outside my house indiranagar bike wale girte hain
basically I want to report that khadda hai at the junction Koramangala mein accident hua tha kal Disgusting situation.
Dear MC, Dharavi in the bylane mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao We are very tired of this.
despite our previous complaints, wrad 36 office se birth certificate nahi mila for 10 days se When will this be fixed??
you know stinking garbage pile outside my house ward 39 dogs spreading it everywhere
sir my scooter fell in pothole w-8 in the bylane i got hurt STILL not resolved!!!
Hi, wadr 19 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi We are very tired of this.
you know we the residents of vile parle want to say that malaria fear vile parle drain not cleaned from last tuesday Nobody is listening to us.
you know urgent complaint: water looks muddy ward 11 outside my house for 10 days When will this be fixed??
tbh to whom it may concern, roda dug up for construction never repaired ward no 4 for 2 days कब होगा काम???
this is to inform you that ward 1 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है कब होगा काम???
tbh It's been for 10 dayz and STILL water leakage at THE corner W-12 huge wastage please fix
bhai This is to inform you that open manhole at the corner w-5 very dangerous especially at night
basically We the residents of ward 16 want to say that garbage lying on road ward 16 since morning DISEASE risk We are very tired of this.
hi, pipe phoot gayi ward 29 near the temple mein paani beh raha hai Very disappointed with MC.
basically potholes on main road ward no 22 causing accidents snce yesterday
it's been 3 din se and still water filter getting choked daily ward no 16 water very bad quality
tax NOTICE aaya hai W-19 ka lekin payment ho chuki Disgusting situation.
you know despite our previous complaints, massive crater sized pothole at the naka w-17 sinc since diwali Please take urgent action!!!
correction needed birth certifcate wrad 13 wrong name spelled When will this be fixed??
applied trade license past 6 hours ago matunga still waiting
ward no 12 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र 1 hafte se से नहीं मिला कब होगा काम???
sir it's been over a fortnight and still malaria fear ward 6 darin noot cleaned over a fortnight
tbh hi, paid proprty tax matunga but receipt not received Disgusting situation.
ward 49 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
yaar urgent cmplt: नाली से बदबू ward 13 में for 10 days से असहनीय हो गई है
I mean dear mc, ward 44 near sector 7 में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं When will this be fixed??
construction without plan approval ward no 22
I want to report that water supply stopped ward no 15 kaafi dino se residents suffering badly Disgusting situation.
actually Hi, dog attack Koramangala in the lane child got bitten pls help
bhai vikhroli में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं STILL not resolved!!!
basically I want to report that wire latki hui hai near the temple shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
tbh applied birth cert wardd 42 1 hafte se back no movement When will this be fixed??
I mean garbge collector takes money still not collecting ward no 5 Kab tak wait karein???
like it's been since monday and still drain choked ward no 9 sine monday foul smell health hazard
like hello sir, w-15 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
yaar ward 27 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र snce monday से नहीं मिला Please take urgent action!!!
u see Dear mc, water has weird smell and colour karol bagh We are very tired of this.
bhai we the residents of ward no 5 want to say that ward no 5 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति since diwali से लंबित है
I mean We the residents of ward 32 want to say that all street lamps broken ward 32 completely dark This has been going on too long.
CYLINDER blast in our colony Mulund need immediate HELP Very disappointed with MC.
to whom it may concern, ward no 16 में नामांतरण since morning से लंबित है कब होगा STILL not resolved!!!
dear mc, wrd 7 mein death certificate nahi mila for 5 dayz se urgent hai
Respected officer, कचरेवाले को बुलाया W-11 में पर कोई नहीं आया We are very tired of this.
sir it's been past 2 weeks and still encroachment on footpath near sector 7 ward no 4 pedestrians cant walk We are very tired of this.
tbh despite our previous complaints, building permission ke liye since morning wait kar raha hoon w-16 Kab tak wait karein???
garbage truck nt coming wadr 16 since yesterday Please take urgent action!!!
you know Respected officer, NEED death certificate urgently WARD NO 2 for INSURANCE STILL not resolved!!!
tbh I want to report that stray dogs nto sterilized wadr 8 population increasing STILL not resolved!!!
I mean this is to inform you that grabage collector takes money still not collecting ward 46
tbh it's been for 2 days and still street light not working wardd no 9 at the main road for 2 days very dark at night Kab tak wait karein???
bhai ward 33 mein paani band hai from 4 dayz se log taras rahe hain Please take urgent action!!!
sir Dear MC, W-17 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Please take urgent action!!!
like It's BEEN since last month and still हमारे WARD 13 में since last month से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे Nobody is listening to us.
basically Dear MC, पड़ोसी ने Karol Bagh में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली Kab tak wait karein???
dear mc, mosquito breeding open darin ward no 23 health risk कब होगा काम???
yaar it rained and entire road disappeared ward 34 only pits left
Respected officer, road pe gadd hai near sector 7 ward no 23 bike wale girte hain
this is to inform you that w-5 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
yaar it's been since the rain and still aaj bhi ward 46 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
urgent complaint: watr pressure very low at plot no 45 indiranagar from 4 days barely enough When will this be fixed??
you know I want TO REPORT THAT TOILET broken and stinking ward 5 nobody cleaning कब होगा काम???
you know Road pe gadd hai at the junction ward no 4 bike wale girte hain STILL not resolved!!!
Hello sir, नाली से बदबू w-2 में since 3 days से असहनीय हो गई है
This is to inform you that ward no 25 KA PAANI 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Disgusting situation.
yaar hi, small fire ward no 26 near station before it spreads plz come
bhai ward no 12 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
u see Despite our previous complaints, aaj fir gira mai Karol Bagh ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche Disgusting situation.
actually some amount bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 10 When will this be fixed??
basically This is to inform you that tax notice came again even after paying ward no 2
actually hello sir, toilet always locked pimpri in our colony useless facility STILL not resolved!!!
bhai despite our previous complaints, nahi aa rha paani ward 36 mein pleese koi to suno कब होगा काम???
actually i want to report that my area ward no 19 has not seen garbage van since for the past week
basically respected officer, manhole cover missing opposite the hospital ward 36 someone will fall Disgusting situation.
like Death registered but certifcate pending w-16 We are very tired of this.
u see WADALA outside my house में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं This is ridiculous!
This IS to inform you that 3 PEOPLE in my building got dengue wrd no 12 please spray Nobody is listening to us.
basically We the residents of WARD no 11 want to say that supply cut without notice ward no 11 for 10 days कब होगा काम???
tbh despite our previous complains, ward 25 में मच्छरों की समस्या for 2 days से है
baarish ke BAAD DRAIN OVERFLOW WARD no 22 mein road nahi dikh raha
applied for mutation past 6 hours no update wardd 24 This is ridiculous!
road full of potholes ward 26 3 din se vehicles getting damaged
u see despite our previous complaints, ward 12 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua 1 hafte se se STILL not resolved!!!
this is to inform you that brown water coming laxmi nagar children getting sick
despite our previous complains, 1 light working out of 10 in ward 3 rest all dead Nobody is listening to us.
you know this is to inform you that drain blocked w-7 in front of my building sewage overflowing on road Nobody is listening to us.
actually this is to inform you that khadda hai in the lane wrd 14 mein accident hua tha kal When will this be fixed??
hello sir, death certificate not issued ward no 22 office महीने भर से Disgusting situation.
actually Urgent cmplt: Sion near the PARK mein log kachra fek RAHE hain gandagi Disgusting situation.
Hello sir, ward 24 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi This has been going on too long.
Hello sir, wrd 33 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
yaar ward no 4 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Nobody is listening to us.
sir Hello sir, building plan submitted ward no 15 past 2 weeks no response
I want to report that dengue cases increasing wardd no 14 stagnant water noot removed
like dear mc, illegal dump at the naka koramangala flies mosquitoes everywhere
u see dear mc, daily water supply disrupted ward no 29 past for 5 days pipeline blocked maybe
actually urgent cmplt: ward 49 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain since last night se bahut takleef
bhai it's been 3 din se and still mosquito breeding open drain ward no 21 health risk
bhai dear mc, ligh pole broken wardd no 25 dangerous live wire exposed
basically Urgent complain: naam galat likha hai certiifcate mein ward 11 ka We are very tired of this.
yaar brown water coming wadr 16 children getting sick STILL not resolved!!!
like waterlogging after RAIN ward no 21 MOSQUITO PROBLEM getting worse We are very tired of this.
mosquito breeding open drain wadr no 15 health risk Nobody is listening to us.
basically To whom it may concern, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward no 7 me since last night se Kab tak wait karein???
basically tax notice came again even after paying w-11 STILL not resolved!!!
urgent complaint: big water leak ward 43 since last night nobody coming to fix
i want to report that nahi aa rha paani ward 21 mein plese koi to suno
actually drain choked ward 19 over a fortnight foul smell health hazard We are very tired of this.
u see hello sir, pack of dogs chasing people ward 5 very scary This is ridiculous!
tbh mom ko heart PROBLEM hai isliye urgent CHAHIYE paani ward no 27
I mean IT'S been 3 din se and STILL garbage wala nahi aaya ward 31 near the temple 3 din SE se
actually पड़ोसी ने wadr 34 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली
This is to inform you that stray cattle blocking road ward 28 past 6 hours
actually i want to report that santacruz mein mutation nahi hua from 4 dyas se apply kiya tha Disgusting situation.
I mean This is to inform YOU that नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward 2 में for 2 days से
bhai hello sir, ward 27 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं STILL not resolved!!!
construction without plan approval ward no 14 STILL not resolved!!!
Respected officer, tax demand notice for ward no 7 but payment done since the monsoon ago
roaad full of potholes ward 16 for 10 days vehicles getting damaged STILL not resolved!!!
like ward no 4 में FOR 10 DAYS से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Very disappointed with MC.
pimpri में नामांतरण over a fortnight से लंबित है कब होगा
basically hello sir, w-10 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय from last tuesday से साफ नहीं हुआ When will this be fixed??
I mean building permission ke liye from last tuesday wait kar raha hoon ward no 10 Kab tak wait karein???
sir URGENT complaint: no water in W-9 since last month
actually urgent complaint: water looks muddy ward 29 in our colony for 2 day Very disappointed with MC.
you know Dear MC, no water since for 10 days in wardd 16 when will tanker come
I mean massive crater sized pothole in THE bylane WARD no 26 snce for the PAST week
basically this is to inform you that water supply stopped ward no 16 past 6 hours residents suffering badly
actually Respected officer, WARD 21 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय for 5 days से साफ नहीं हुआ कब होगा काम???
cow sitting on main roaad wadr 49 traffic blocked
We the residents of ward 16 want to say that raat ko construction chal raha tha wardd 16 bina permission Nobody is listening to us.
basically this is to inform you that w-17 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Please take urgent action!!!
you know despite our previous complaints, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward no 19 ka kuda uthane
Hello sir, paid property tax ward no 22 but receipt not received
u see entire Andheri East in darkness after 9pm from last TUESDAY Very disappointed with MC.
like w-2 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain sine yesterday se bahut takleef Very disappointed with MC.
Oc application pending for 2 day ward 2 office Kab tak wait karein???
₹8500 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai wrd no 12
like Respected officer, encroachment ON footpath near the market WARD no 15 pedestrians CANT walk This is ridiculous!
I mean wateer has weird smell and colour ward no 3 कब होगा काम???
I mean Dear MC, wardd 23 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें Nobody is listening to us.
bhai need death CERTIFICATE urgently WARD 29 for insurance This has been going on too long.
cylinder blast IN the lane WARDD no 2 NEED immediate help STILL not resolved!!!
u see mutation ka koi status nahi mila WARD NO 20 ka This is ridiculous!
I mean Hi, toilet band rehta hai ward no 20 mein kya fayda Very disappointed with MC.
yaar I want to report that 1 light WORKING out of 10 in ward no 18 rest all dead
tbh I want to report that ward no 4 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है SNCE last month से
wardd no 15 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Very disappointed with MC.
actually it's been 3 din se and still birth certificate nt received w-10 office 3 din se Nobody is listening to us.
hello sir, ward no 23 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Nobody is listening to us.
hi, drain choked shivaji nagar past 2 weeks foul smell health hazard Kab tak wait karein???
I want to report that ward no 9 NEAR station nali band hai for 10 days SE badbu aa rahi This has been going on too long.
bhai It's been SINCE THE RAIN and still कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 49 में पर कोई नहीं आया
bhai this is to inform you that maa ka certificate chahiye w-12 office se past 6 hours ho gaye Nobody is listening to us.
like we the residents of w-7 want to say that drainage overflow during rain w-7 flooding streets Disgusting situation.
bhai to whom it may concern, raat ko construction chal raha tha ward 29 bina permission
sir urgent complaint: ward 2 mein paani band hai for 5 dayz se log taras rahe hain We are very tired of this.
actually it's been from 4 days and still building mein aag ward 37 jaldi aao Please take urgent action!!!
tbh dear mc, nullah blocked wrad 4 mosquito breeding happening When will this be fixed??
yaar Hello sir, PIPE LEAKING outside AT the naka BORIVALI CREATING pothole also
tbh We the residents OF WRD no 8 want TO say that ward NO 8 में behind the MALL पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
To whom it may concern, wrad 46 mein paani band hai snce the rain se log taras rahe hain
yaar public toilet wadr 43 very DIRTY noot CLEANED FROM 4 days कब होगा काम???
bhai applied for mutation kaafi dino se no update wrad no 7 Nobody is listening to us.
it's been from last tuesday and still govandi में in front of my building अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
Urgnt complaint: illegal dump at the signal w-5 flies mosquitoes everywhere
actually builder started work at night ward 10 near the temple no permission कब होगा काम???
basically BUILDING MEIN AAG ward 25 jaldi aao Nobody is listening to us.
yaar we the residents of w-15 want to say that garbage collector takes money still not collecting w-15 We are very tired of this.
basically we the residents of ward 38 want to say that ward 38 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र for 2 dayz से नहीं मिला
actually commencement certficate not RECEIVED Hadapsar DESPITE approval
despite our previous complaints, ward 28 office se birth certificate nahi mila kaafi dino se se This is ridiculous!
paid property tax wrd 15 but receipt not received Please take urgent action!!!
This is to INFORM you that wrad 40 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi When will this be fixed??
bhai Dear mc, road condition pathetic chembur multiple potholes for 5 days कब होगा काम???
basically ward no 2 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili STILL not resolved!!!
basically despite our previous complaints, machhar bahut hain ward 6 since last night se spray kab karoge This has been going on too long.
Hello sir, mosquito problem ward 40 at the junction NO FOGGING past 2 weeks Very disappointed with MC.
some amount bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai koramangala We are very tired of this.
u see paani ki bohot problem hai opposite the hospital mein santacruz ke andar
bhai this is to inform you that illegal building ban raha hai w-14 mein rok do
I mean street light wire hanging loose behind the mall govandi shock risk When will this be fixed??
you know bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward no 18 mein 1 hafte se lag gaye
you know hello sir, naam galat likha hai certificate mein w-2 ka
hi, applied for mutation महीने भर से no update ward 40
you know dear mc, powai में behind the mall पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है When will this be fixed??
like hi, wrd 6 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय 1 hafte se से साफ नहीं हुआ कब होगा काम???
bhai encroachment on footpath at the main roda ward 26 pedestrians cant walk
like this is to inform you that road repair karo w-17 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar Please take urgent action!!!
respected officer, toilet gandy hai in front of my building ward no 29 from last tuesday se safai karo
like i want to report that entire ward no 18 in darkness after 9pm for 5 days Nobody is listening to us.
i want to report that thane क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति past 2 weeks से बाधित है
I mean to whom it may concern, builder ne maal in front of my building ward 25 road pe daal diya hata do
tbh manhole cover missing near d-block matunga someone will fall Disgusting situation.
actually hi, roaad repair karo wadr no 26 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar When will this be fixed??
you know i want to report that street light wire hanging loose near station w-14 shock risk STILL not resolved!!!
hello sir, need death certificate urgently ward no 20 for insurance When will this be fixed??
like it's been kaafi dino se and still ward 48 में near the school अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है This is ridiculous!
I mean paani ki bohot problem hai at the junction mein santacruz ke andar Nobody is listening to us.
I mean building plan submitted wardd no 1 since last month no response
basically To whom it may concern, bhai ward no 24 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
u see WATER looks MUDDY WARD 43 in the BYLANE for 2 dayz Nobody is listening to us.
you know big wator leak mulund from 4 dayz nobody coming to fix We are very tired of this.
wrd 23 mein mutation nahi hua since the monsoon se apply kiya tha Kab tak wait karein???
yaar This is to inform YOU that MOM ko heart problem hai isliye URGENT chahiye paani BORIVALI
to whom it may concern, stray cattle blocking road w-3 over a fortnight Very disappointed with MC.
yaar Hi, brown water coming Powai children getting sick Disgusting situation.
yaar dear mc, w-13 at the naka bina permission construction ho raha hai This has been going on too long.
respected officer, road repair karo ward no 18 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
bhai despite our previous complaints, we called the garbage number 3 times ward 27 no response
Hi, DHARAVI mein DEATH CERTIFICATE NAHI mila past 2 weeks se URGENT HAI This has been going on too long.
sir in the bylane ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward 38 mein for 5 days se We are very tired of this.
hello sir, applied for mutation for the past week no update w-8 Kab tak wait karein???
Despite our previous cmplts, wadr no 26 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति since the monsoon से लंबित है
yaar Garbage nt collected ward 37 since morning unbearable smell STILL not resolved!!!
u see Respected officer, paani ki problem HAI ward no 18 mein महीने भर से se nala band hogaya Nobody is listening to us.
i want to report that near sector 7 wadr 13 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है कब होगा काम???
yaar Despite our previous complaints, wrad 5 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय snce last night से साफ नहीं हुआ STILL not resolved!!!
yaar Urgent complaint: builder ne maal near the school wrad 22 road pe daal diya hata do
We the residents of ward 41 want to say that नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward 41 में 1 hafte se से When will this be fixed??
building mein aag dharavi jaldi aao When will this be fixed??
like It's been महीने भर से and still waterlogging after rain W-15 mosquito problem getting worse STILL not resolved!!!
tbh people dumping garbage in the lane ward no 24 very unhygienic Very disappointed with MC.
like pipe leaking wrad NO 7 in front OF my building road flooded This is ridiculous!
garbage collector takes money still not collecting ward 16 Nobody is listening to us.
HELLO sir, wator PRESSURE VERY low at the corner Karol Bagh SINCE 3 day barely enough When will this be fixed??
It's been since yesterday and still ward 48 in our colony nali band hai sine yesterday se badbu aa rahi Very disappointed with MC.
tbh it's been from last tuesday and still road condition pathetic w-2 multiple potholes from last tuesday Please take urgent action!!!
bhai ward no 15 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
stinking garbage pile at the corner bandra west dogs spreading it everywhere
we the residents of ward 14 want to say that ward 14 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
we the residents of ward 22 want to say that road repair karo ward 22 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar When will this be fixed??
I mean Despite our previous complaints, applied for mutation since the monsoon no update wrd 32 We are very tired of this.
sir Dear mc, online payment fail ho gayi ward 5 mein paise kat gaye
despite our previous complaints, kurla mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
I mean despite our previous complaints, correction needed birth certificate ward 20 wrong name spelled STILL not resolved!!!
respected officer, mutation ka koi status nahi mila chembur ka
like borivali mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe
I mean to whom it may concern, ward no 23 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति sinc the monsoon से बाधित है
like street light toot gayi opposite the hospital wadr no 6 1 hafte se se
I mean urgent complaint: road dug up for constraction never repaired ward 5 since the monsoon When will this be fixed??
sir paid property tax ward 49 but receipt nto received This has been going on too long.
you know Hi, in the bylane Hadapsar में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
This is to inform you that daily wator supply disrupted ward 16 past since monday pipeline blocked maybe
hello sir, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai wadr no 15 colour bhi change hai Kab tak wait karein???
sir Dear MC, raat ko construction chal raha tha Indiranagar bina permission
dear mc, ward no 1 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Kab tak wait karein???
road condition pathetic wrd no 3 multiple potholes since monday कब होगा काम???
bhai hi, gutter overflow pimpri people walking in waste water
tbh water leakage at the naka thane huge wastage please fix This is ridiculous!
Hi, tax demand notice for wardd 17 but payment done for 5 days ago STILL not resolved!!!
I want to report that correction needed birth certificate ward no 17 wrong name spelled This has been going on too long.
despite our previous complaints, paid ₹8500 property tax but still showing dues ward 33 We are very tired of this.
I want to report that ward no 29 MEIN paani band hai since DIWALI se log taras rahe HAIN This has been going on too long.
u see we the residents of shivaji nagar want to say that shivaji nagar office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye Disgusting situation.
tbh this is to inform you that entire footpath occupied by shop at the junction w-10 since last night Very disappointed with MC.
I mean fire broke out at plot no 45 ward 28 fire brigade delayed Kab tak wait karein???
yaar Hello sir, raat ko costrution chal raha tha W-4 bina permission Kab tak wait karein???
like Ward 31 mein paani ka pipe since the monsoon se leak ho raha hai कब होगा काम???
u see builder started work at night powai near sector 7 no permission
tbh despite our previous complaints, 3 people in my building got dengue koramangala pls spray
I mean Hello sir, potholes on MAIN road ward 31 causing accidents past 2 weeks Disgusting situation.
tbh Despite our previous complaints, ward no 28 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है When will this be fixed??
u see dear mc, bhari watr leakage near the temple sadak bhar gayi
I mean stray dogs not sterilized ward 1 population increasing Nobody is listening to us.
basically hello sir, illegal building ban raha hai w-1 mein rok do
tbh ward 45 mein death certificate nahi mila over a fortnight se urgent hai
like hi, drain choked ward no 27 since morning foul smell health hazard Nobody is listening to us.
hello sir, wardd no 14 में नाली बंद है for 10 days से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
sewage smell unbearable ward no 15 past 2 weeks kids cant go to school
To whom it may concern, road condition pathetic W-15 multiple potholes for 2 day
bhai it's been for the past week and still tax notice aaya hai mulund ka lekin payment ho chuki This is ridiculous!
this is to inform you that ward no 17 mein mutation nahi hua sinc last month se apply kiya tha This is ridiculous!
I mean kab aayega paani kurla mein itna wait kar rahe hain
To WHOM IT may concern, ward 5 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
Urgent complaint: garbage nto collected ward no 4 since morning unbearable smell
paani ki bohot problem hai in front of my building MEIN ward 44 KE andar
despite our previous complaints, ward 39 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
dear mc, नाली से बदबू w-9 में since the monsoon से असहनीय हो गई है Very disappointed with MC.
respected officer, fire at building vikhroli at the junction pls send fire engine When will this be fixed??
i want to report that municipal tanker not coming to santacruz for 5 days When will this be fixed??
basically WARD no 14 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
hello sir, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai wardd 27 colour bhi change hai Disgusting situation.
bhai Urgent complain: aaj fir gira mai wadr no 26 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche Kab tak wait karein???
yaar it's been sinc monday and still death registered but certficate pending chembur
it's been since 3 days and still wardd no 2 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं We are very tired of this.
yaar Despite our previous complaints, wadr no 29 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक When will this be fixed??
u see this is to inform you that nali choke ho gayi ward no 14 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha Kab tak wait karein???
like It's been past 2 weeks and still entire footpath occupied by shop outside my house ward no 23 past 2 weeks Kab tak wait karein???
I mean Hello sir, municipal tanker nto coming to ward no 16 since the rain This has been going on too long.
ward 43 near the school mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi Disgusting situation.
actually Hi, Andheri East में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक This is ridiculous!
like to whom it may concern, हमारे ward no 26 में since monday से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे कब होगा काम???
it's been since the monsoon and still w-5 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Very disappointed with MC.
manhole cover missing behind the mall ward 15 someone will fall
hello sir, paid property tax ward 6 but receipt not received कब होगा काम???
like to whom it may concern, building mein aag wadala jaldi aao Very disappointed with MC.
u see main pipeline burst Malviya Nagar water gushing out for 10 days
sir Respected officer, गड्ढे की वजह से HADAPSAR में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा कब होगा काम???
this is to inform you that construction without plan approval ward 3
yaar Dear MC, building permission ke liye from 4 days wait kar raha hoon W-6 Please take urgent action!!!
like we the residents of ward 3 want to say that property tax portal down cannot pay wadr 3
it's been since the monsoon and still people dumping garbage at the naka ward 42 very unhygienic
It's been for 5 days and still trade license renewal pending for 5 days shop ward no 23
actually in the bylane Mulund में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है Please take urgent action!!!
sir i want to report that पड़ोसी ने dharavi में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली Please take urgent action!!!
despite our previous complaints, nullah blocked ward 26 mosquito breeding happening
wadala में for 10 days से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Kab tak wait karein???
Dear MC, online payment fail ho gayi ward 6 mein paise kat gaye Please take urgent action!!!
sir People dumping garbaje near station ward 45 very unhygienic STILL not resolved!!!
it's been past 2 weeks and still correction needed birth certificate wadr no 14 wrong name spelled
tbh hello sir, gutter overflow ward 32 people walking in waste water कब होगा काम???
bhai dear mc, my building near sector 7 ward 15 has no water from 3 din se what to do Kab tak wait karein???
hi, powai mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi
u see i want to report that light pole broken kurla dangerous live wire exposed
dog attack Thane near the temple child got bitten pls HELP
bhai Respected officer, mosquito breeding open drain W-9 health risk Nobody is listening to us.
yaar Tax notice aaya hai ward 49 ka lekin payment ho chuki We are very tired of this.
sir this is to inform you that garbage not collected ward 1 from 4 day unbearable smell This has been going on too long.
hello sir, pipe toot gayi near d-block bandra west ke paas jaldi aao Very disappointed with MC.
u see respected officer, andheri east में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है We are very tired of this.
yaar this is to inform you that small fire wadr no 7 near station before it spreads please come When will this be fixed??
yaar ward 7 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
you know we the residents of santacruz want to say that street light nto working santacruz near d-block for 2 days very dark at night We are very tired of this.
It's been महीने भर से and still malaria fear W-17 drain not cleaned महीने भर से When will this be fixed??
Dear MC, mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani Sion कब होगा काम???
u see builder started work at NIGHT W-3 NEAR sector 7 no permission Please take urgent action!!!
despite our previous complaints, water filter getting choked daily ward no 8 water very bad quality
like open manhole near the school wrad 13 very dangerous especially at night Kab tak wait karein???
bhai No public toilet borivali at plot no 45 open defecation happening Nobody is listening to us.
tbh potholes on main raod W-12 causing accidents PAST 2 WEEKS This is ridiculous!
I want to report that ward 19 में स्ट्रीट लाइट from 4 day से बंद है रात में अंधेरा Disgusting situation.
actually waterlogging after rain Andheri East mosquito problem getting worse
Hi, Borivali ka property tax bhar diya RECEIPT nahi mili This is ridiculous!
sir Dear MC, near D-block ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya wrad 1 mein since last month se This has been going on too long.
sir footpath PE encroachment hai at the CORNER W-12 mein Kab tak wait karein???
major pipe burst at plot no 45 powai watr wasting
it's been since monday and still grabage collector takes money still not collecting w-15
yaar DEAR MC, FIRE noc REQUIRED W-3 noot getting it Very disappointed with MC.
actually wardd 3 में नाली बंद है 1 hafte se से सड़क पर गंदा पानी Kab tak wait karein???
like urgent complaint: drain choked Govandi for the past week foul smell health hazard STILL not resolved!!!
bhai ward 9 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein This has been going on too long.
ward 21 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है
basically To whom it may concern, sewage smell unbearable ward 21 for 5 days kids cant GO to school Please take urgent action!!!
yaar it's been from 4 days and still pipe toot gayi in front of my building laxmi nagar ke paas jaldi aao We are very tired of this.
Despite our previous COMPLAINTS, khadda hai at the naka ward 28 mein accident hua tha kal We are very tired of this.
basically dear mc, new trade license not processed ward 26 since last month
you know Dear mc, ward 19 behind the mall mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi
sir I want to report that ward 28 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
I mean i want to report that correction needed birth certificate ward no 5 wrong name spelled
you know Urgent complaint: teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya malviya nagar ka kuda uthane Kab tak wait karein???
Urgent cmplt: my building outside my house wadr 42 has no watr from since 3 days what to do STILL not resolved!!!
dustbin overflowing ward NO 8 not emptied for 2 DAYS This is ridiculous!
yaar urgent complaint: pack of dogs chasing people ward 39 very scary Kab tak wait karein???
bhai It's been past 2 weeks and still near the market ward 43 ka kuda uthao yaar past 2 weeks se nahi utha
basically to whom it may concern, construction waste dumped on road wrad 29 by builder When will this be fixed??
like hi, no streetlight ward 22 near the park theft increasing Very disappointed with MC.
We the residents of ward no 6 want to say that mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward no 6 Kab tak wait karein???
basically new trade license not processed wrd 32 महीने भर से Kab tak wait karein???
hi, ward 23 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega STILL not resolved!!!
bhai i want to report that ward 1 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र 3 din se से नहीं मिला
you know To whom it may concern, no streetlight W-11 at the main roda theft increasing When will this be fixed??
bhai Respected officer, tax notice came again even after paying wardd no 15 We are very tired of this.
yaar urgent complaint: gutter overflow wrad no 10 people walking in waste water
actually We THE residents of Dharavi want to say that MANY stray dogs Dharavi near THE school biting residents
we the residents of ward 10 want to say that ward 10 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है
it's been since last month and still builder ne maal near d-block ward 4 road pe daal diya hata do Please take urgent action!!!
we the residents of w-16 want to say that w-16 mein paani band hai past 6 hours se log taras rahe hain कब होगा काम???
basically nali choke ho gayi wrad 26 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha
sir online payment fail ho gayi ward no 13 mein paise kat gaye STILL not resolved!!!
u see W-16 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Kab tak wait karein???
tbh Respected officer, no water since sine diwali in ward no 27 when will tanker come STILL not resolved!!!
like to whom it may concern, death certifcate nt issued powai office for the past week
actually garbage collector takes money still not collecting ward no 16 When will this be fixed??
actually i want to report that daily wateer supply disrupted ward 22 past since diwali pipeline blocked maybe STILL not resolved!!!
sir w-10 mein paani band hai since last month se log taras rahe hain This is ridiculous!
sir water LEAKAGE near sector 7 WARD no 25 huge wastage please fix
tbh Hello sir, pothole at THE main road ward 2 BIKE accident HAPPENED yesterday Please take urgent action!!!
tbh ward 17 mein death certificate nahi mila for 10 days se urgent hai Very disappointed with MC.
bhai we the residents of w-1 want to say that bacche ka certifcate nahi bana w-1 mein for 2 days lag gaye Please take urgent action!!!
sir toilet gandy hai at THE corner wardd no 9 since the monsoon se safai karo
many stray dogs WARD 6 at the main road biting residents STILL not resolved!!!
it's been kaafi dino se and still property mutation not done ward 38 applied kaafi dino se ago
tbh pipe phoot gayi ward 1 at the naka mein paani beh raha hai
ward no 29 near sector 7 bina permission constraction ho raha hai
you know it's been from last tuesday and still aaj fir gira mai malviya nagar ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche
actually pipe leaking outside opposite the hospital wardd 5 creating pothole also Disgusting situation.
hi, sewage smell unbearable wadr 40 for 10 days kids cant go to school Very disappointed with MC.
tbh I want to report that opposite the hospital ward 37 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
basically it's been since the rain and still at the main road ward 3 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है Nobody is listening to us.
like We the residents of ward 35 want to say that wrad 35 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र past 6 hours से नहीं मिला
no public toilet wrd 20 near d-block open defecation happening This has been going on too long.
like urgent complaint: drain choked ward 31 for 2 days foul smell health hazard Kab tak wait karein???
basically it's been since last month and still paani ki bohot problem hai at the signal mein ward 5 ke andar This has been going on too long.
bhai matunga ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega
yaar Respected officer, unauthorized building Matunga pls stop
to whom it may concern, entire malviya nagar in darkness after 9pm 3 din se This is ridiculous!
aaj fir gira mai wrd 34 ke KHADDE MEIN scooter le gaya neeche
like urgnt complaint: mom KO heart problem hai ISLIYE URGENT chahiye paani W-4 This is ridiculous!
I mean respected officer, building mein aag ward no 13 jaldi aao We are very tired of this.
bacche ka certficate nahi bana borivali mein since morning lag gaye
We the residents of ward no 20 want to say that ward no 20 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं Disgusting situation.
respected officer, aaj bhi wrad no 4 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo When will this be fixed??
respected officer, road condition pathetic hadapsar multiple potholes for 2 days STILL not resolved!!!
tbh Dear MC, stinking garbage pile near STATION W-9 dogs spreading it everywhere STILL not resolved!!!
water from tap ward no 10 yellow coloured not drinkable Kab tak wait karein???
This is to inform you that MY shop has no license BECAUSE ward 17 office not responding When will this be fixed??
like Dear MC, correction needed birth CERTIFICATE CHEMBUR wrong name SPELLED
actually water looks muddy malviya nagar at the main raod since the monsoon This is ridiculous!
u see It's been past 2 weeks and still grabage truck noot coming ward 46 past 2 weeks
basically paid property tax wadr no 16 but receipt not received Disgusting situation.
property mutation nto done ward 29 applied for 5 day ago
sir नाली से बदबू ward no 1 में since yesterday से असहनीय हो गई है When will this be fixed??
yaar dear mc, pipe toot gayi near sector 7 bandra west ke paas jaldi aao This is ridiculous!
sir i want to report that paid ₹8500 property tax but still showing dues ward 20 Kab tak wait karein???
u see It's been since monday and still water not coming from tap outside my house ward 17
sir Hi, ward no 2 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
bhai Garbage not collected ward 44 for the past week unbearable smell This is ridiculous!
you know W-16 office mein plan submit kiya 3 din se reply nahi
I mean mutation ka koi status nahi mila wrad no 7 ka
hi, waterlogging after rain ward 1 mosquito problem getting worse
basically we the residents of andheri east want to say that my area andheri east has nto seen garbage van since since monday कब होगा काम???
bhai ward 30 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है
bhai we the residents of ward 43 want to say that we r not getting water ward 43 4 kaafi dino se wat is happening
tbh hi, ward 32 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain When will this be fixed??
like To whom it may concern, ward no 26 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua from last tuesday se Nobody is listening to us.
you know I want TO report THAT dustbin overflowing ward 38 not emptied PAST 2 weeks STILL not resolved!!!
bhai hello sir, street light toot gayi near the market ward 25 over a fortnight se
like to whom it may concern, manhole cover missing in the lane sion someone will fall STILL not resolved!!!
I mean i want to report that street ligh wire hanging loose at the junction w-1 shock risk Nobody is listening to us.
tbh urgent complaint: sewage smell unbearable ward 5 for 10 days kids cant go to school
basically Hello sir, people dumping garbage outside my house ward no 12 very unhygienic कब होगा काम???
sir It's been since the rain and still drain choked borivali since the rain foul smell health hazard
sir We the residents of wrad 10 want to say that 1 ligh working out of 10 in ward 10 rest all dead
u see This is to inform you that toilet always locked ward 41 in front of my building useless facility
I mean near the school ward 9 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
we the residents of ward 40 want to say that kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi wrd 40 me since yesterday se This is ridiculous!
I mean hi, daily water supply disrupted ward 23 past since monday pipeline blocked maybe We are very tired of this.
I mean respected officer, baarish ke baad drain overflow ward 46 mein raod nahi dikh raha
bhai Despite our previous complaints, wter has weird smell and colour ward no 8
bhai entire footpath occupied by shop near station thane since last night
manhole cover missing in the lane wrd 37 someone will fall Disgusting situation.
you know despite our previous complaints, wardd 12 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें Nobody is listening to us.
actually bhari water leakage near the park sadak bhar gayi This is ridiculous!
bhai I want to report that entire Pimpri in darkness after 9pm past 6 hours We are very tired of this.
u see wardd 8 mein paani ka pipe since yesterday se leak ho raha hai
I want to report that tax notice came again even after paying w-11
respected officer, नाली से बदबू wrd 22 में over a fortnight से असहनीय हो गई है Very disappointed with MC.
sir Dear MC, W-2 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है When will this be fixed??
W-4 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko KAAT rahe
bhai Hi, paani ki bohot problem hai behind the mall mein Dharavi ke andar
It's BEEN 1 hafte SE and still no streetlight Pimpri in the lane theft increasing Please take urgent action!!!
bhai w-2 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Very disappointed with MC.
u see dear mc, cylinder blast opposite the hospital wadala need immediate help We are very tired of this.
Hello sir, 3 people in my building got dengue ward 44 please spray
like tax notice came again even after paying sion Please take urgent action!!!
ward no 25 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain We are very tired of this.
u see watr from tap ward no 13 yellow coloured nt drinkable Disgusting situation.
respected officer, paani ki problem hai w-3 mein since 3 day se nala band hogaya This is ridiculous!
i want to report that wrong property tax assessment w-14 propety कब होगा काम???
tbh Hi, toilet ALWAYS locked wadr 5 near the park useless FACILITY STILL not resolved!!!
basically I WANT TO report that entire wardd no 23 in DARKNESS AFTER 9pm from last tuesday When will this be fixed??
tbh urgent complaint: ward 21 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र for 5 days से नहीं मिला We are very tired of this.
yaar This is to inform you that pack of dogs chasing people wardd 31 very scary
bhai Dear MC, pipe leaking outside in our colony WARD 24 creating POTHOLE also This is ridiculous!
despite our previous complaints, ward 1 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi
Respected officer, ONLINE PROPERTY TAX payment failed amount some amount deducted W-18 Kab tak wait karein???
ward no 16 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
tbh Hi, entire footpath occupied by shop near THE school Bandra West for 5 dayz Please take urgent action!!!
yaar It's been 3 din se and still my area ward 25 has nto seen garbage van since 3 din se Very disappointed with MC.
This is to INFORM you that machhar bahut hain W-3 past 6 hours se SPRAY kab karoge We are very tired of this.
Urgent complaint: no response to building permission application wrd no 9 since the monsoon कब होगा काम???
like I want to report that ward 1 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge STILL not resolved!!!
sir dear mc, my building in front of my building ward 3 has no water from महीने भर से what to do When will this be fixed??
bhai dear mc, ward 25 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं STILL not resolved!!!
like pipe toot gayi at the signal ward no 4 ke paas jaldi aao Disgusting situation.
I mean khadda hai near the school koramangala mein accident hua tha kal Please take urgent action!!!
supply cut without notice ward 41 for 2 days Kab tak wait karein???
tbh urgent complaint: roda condition pathetic andheri east multiple potholes since monday
bhai to whom it may concern, oc application pending since 3 days ward no 4 office This is ridiculous!
ward 47 office mein plan submit kiya since last night reply nahi
respected officer, ward 36 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
yaar Karol Bagh office HI nahi uthata phone trade license ke LIYE Nobody is listening to us.
Urgent complaint: ₹25000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai wardd 32 We are very tired of this.
like we the residents of ward 14 want to say that ward 14 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है past 6 hours से
basically hi, correction needed birth certificate wrd 1 wrong name spelled We are very tired of this.
u see dear mc, wire latki hui hai at the signal shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
we the residents of ward 34 want to say that kab aayega paani ward 34 mein itna wait kar rahe hain
mom KO HEART problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani WRD 4 कब होगा काम???
it's been past 6 hours and still kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward 30 mein urgent karo
sir Hi, building permission ke liye over a fortnight wait kar raha hoon ward 47 Please take urgent action!!!
yaar Wrad no 21 mein mutation nahi hua since the monsoon se apply kiya tha
actually It's BEEN महीने भर से and still ward 35 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है
basically ward no 12 mein lgiht nahi hai raat KO andhera bahut hota hai
it's been since morning and still nali choke ho gayi w-4 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha Nobody is listening to us.
dear mc, roda pe gadd hai outside my house wadr 6 bike wale girte hain Nobody is listening to us.
tbh i want to report that gaaye sadak pe khadi hain koramangala traffic jam ho raha
sir respected officer, raat ko construction chal raha tha w-1 bina permission When will this be fixed??
dear mc, ward no 28 में कचरा गाड़ी since monday से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है STILL not resolved!!!
yaar tap is dry W-9 from 4 dayz please check the pipeline
urgent cmplt: wrd 40 office mein plan submit kiya sine diwali reply nahi Nobody is listening to us.
you know to whom it may concern, safai nahi ho rahi malviya nagar from 4 day se kachra uthao na
basically to whom it may concern, unauthorized building ward no 12 please stop
We the residents of ward 3 want TO say that open manhole in the bylane wrd 3 very DANGEROUS especially at night Kab tak wait karein???
actually Hi, ward 35 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
tbh नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा Matunga में kaafi dino SE से Please take urgent action!!!
u see Dear MC, BAARISH ke BAAD drain overflow ward 47 mein road nahi dikh raha Disgusting situation.
tbh wadr 17 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति from last tuesday से लंबित है
tbh garbage truck not coming Shivaji Nagar for 2 days When will this be fixed??
sir tax notice aaya hai wrd 11 ka lekin payment ho chuki Disgusting situation.
actually this is to inform you that mutation request pending ward 16 since the monsoon please process Nobody is listening to us.
sir it's been for 2 days and still mosquito breeding open drain indiranagar health risk When will this be fixed??
u see Hi, ward no 19 MEIN PAANI ka PIPE for the past week se LEAK ho raha hai कब होगा काम???
trade license ke LIYE 3 DIN se se WAIT kar raha hoon WRD 20 Disgusting situation.
hi, ward 15 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति for 5 days से बाधित है
I mean This is to inform you that tap is dry W-15 महीने भर से please check the pipeline कब होगा काम???
It's been for 5 day and still manhole open hai opposite the hospital koi gir jayega plz cover lagao When will this be fixed??
you know public toilet wadr 2 very dirty not cleaned since last night
main pipeline burst ward 6 watr gushing out from 4 days Nobody is listening to us.
u see Hello sir, death registered but certificate pending ward 44
my baby born from 4 days certiifcate still not ready ward 37 Please take urgent action!!!
you know to whom it may concern, main pipeline burst ward no 14 water gushing out past 2 weeks STILL not resolved!!!
Despite our previous complaints, illegal dump at the naka KAROL Bagh flies mosquitoes everywhere
no wator since from 4 days in ward 43 when will tanker come
like building mein aag wadr no 15 jaldi aao
sir i want to report that dharavi की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
Hi, ward 17 mein mutation nahi hua for 5 days se apply kiya tha
actually We the residents of W-17 want to say that W-17 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
basically Ward 18 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi
to whom it may concern, ward 36 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe This has been going on too long.
tbh ward 42 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
sir WARD 3 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है We are very tired of this.
Dear MC, OC application pending sinc morning W-1 office
road dug up for construction never repaired ward no 8 snce diwali STILL not resolved!!!
basically govandi में in the lane कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Very disappointed with MC.
I mean constraction without plan approval ward 16 Kab tak wait karein???
to whom it may concern, wardd 22 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र sine last night से नहीं मिला We are very tired of this.
bhai hello sir, manhole open hai in our colony koi gir jayega please cover lagao
Mosquito problem w-11 in our colony no fogging snce the rain We are very tired of this.
u see we the residents of ward 38 want to say that manhole open hai in our colony koi gir jayega pls cover lagao Disgusting situation.
i want to report that my area mulund has nto seen garbage van since महीने भर से
It's been over a fortnight and still proprty mutation noot done INDIRANAGAR applied over a fortnight AGO
u see this is to inform you that ward no 9 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं Kab tak wait karein???
you know mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward 32 ka STILL not resolved!!!
u see We the RESIDENTS of ward no 28 want TO say that 3 people in my building got dengue wrad NO 28 please spray
dear mc, municipal tanker not coming to w-9 for 5 days
road tar came off for 10 days andheri east only stones left Please take urgent action!!!
urgent complain: road pe gadd hai near the market malviya nagar bike wale girte hain
tbh malaria fear shivaji nagar drain not cleaned since last night
respected officer, w-11 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति महीने भर से से बाधित है Nobody is listening to us.
like potholes on main road wardd 20 causing accidents for 10 days We are very tired of this.
yaar It's been snce the rain and still stinking garbage pile at the naka ward no 10 dogs spreading it everywhere
actually wardd 1 में over a fortnight से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Please take urgent action!!!
we the residents of wrd 48 want to say that manhole cover missing at the main road ward 48 someone will fall Disgusting situation.
We the residents of w-16 want to say that waterlogging after rain w-16 mosquito problem getting worse Kab tak wait karein???
We THE residents of W-12 want to say that W-12 में in the lane के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक STILL not resolved!!!
hello sir, paani ki bohot problem hai at the signal mein w-15 ke andar कब होगा काम???
you know We the residents of ward 14 want to say that road repair karo ward 14 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
To whom IT may concern, WRD 31 mein awaara kutte BAHUT hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Disgusting situation.
basically tax notice aaya hai powai ka lekin payment ho chuki
you know URGENT complaint: correction needed birth certificate wrad 22 WRONG name spelled This has been going on too long.
I mean to whom it may concern, fire broke out near the market w-3 fire brigade delayed Disgusting situation.
tbh to whom it may concern, applied birth cert ward no 13 since the rain back no movement Very disappointed with MC.
u see to whom it may concern, my scooter fell in pothole vile parle near the market i got hurt
like garbaje truck nt coming ward 26 past 6 hours
u see It's been from last tuesday and still drainage overflow during rain wrd no 12 flooding streets This has been going on too long.
I mean to whom it may concern, kachra nahi utha ward 21 mein for the past week se bahut badbu When will this be fixed??
like No response to building permission application w-17 since diwali
sir Hello sir, ward 42 near the temple mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
Despite our PREVIOUS COMPLAINTS, CYLINDER blast in front of my building wadr no 20 need immediate help We are very tired of this.
Kab aayega paani ward no 23 mein itna wait kar rahe hain
dear mc, illegal dump near the temple w-8 flies mosquitoes everywhere When will this be fixed??
yaar Dear MC, manhole open hai at the corner koi gir jayega please cover lagao STILL not resolved!!!
RESPECTED OFFICER, DIRTY smelly wter supply wrd 40 over a fortnight health RISK Disgusting situation.
tbh ward 23 mein paani band hai since diwali se log taras rahe hain
yaar dear mc, wardd 17 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi
bhai hi, street ligh toot gayi outside my house w-9 past 6 hours se
sir ward 17 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain past 6 hours se bahut takleef This is ridiculous!
tbh I want to report that GUTTER bhar gaya ward 38 mein log paani MEIN chal rahe कब होगा काम???
you know Despite our previous complaints, mom ko HEART problem hai isliye urgent CHAHIYE paani wadr no 15 When will this be fixed??
I mean this is to inform you that wadr 7 near the temple में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Kab tak wait karein???
basically urgent complaint: paid some amount property tax but still showing dues ward no 25 Please take urgent action!!!
nali choke ho gayi ward no 29 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha
you know hi, wadr no 13 में कचरा गाड़ी since the monsoon से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
like TO whom it may concern, property mutation not done ward 19 applied from 4 days ago Please take urgent action!!!
yaar I want to report that Santacruz में near the temple कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध
you know mutation request pending malviya nagar kaafi dino se please process कब होगा काम???
bhai Respected officer, Vikhroli में मच्छरों की समस्या for 2 days से है When will this be fixed??
actually to whom it may concern, street light toot gayi near the school ward 27 since 3 days se
I mean Hello sir, water filter getting choked daily ward no 29 water very bad quality Kab tak wait karein???
yaar hi, no response to building permission application wrad 16 since last month
tbh urgent complaint: all street lamps broken ward 44 completely dark
tbh gutter bhar gaya ward 9 mein log paani mein chal rahe This has been going on too long.
bhai we the residents of matunga want to say that death certificate not issued matunga office since the monsoon
I want to report that road dug UP FOR CONSTRUCTION NEVER REPAIRED KURLA from 4 days
actually urgent complaint: all street lamps broken ward 35 completely dark Please take urgent action!!!
sir dengue cases increasing wrad no 4 stagnant water not removed STILL not resolved!!!
you know hi, ward 39 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye Very disappointed with MC.
basically to whom it may concern, building plan submitted ward 45 for 5 days no response Very disappointed with MC.
it's been since the monsoon and still गड्ढे की वजह से ward 28 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा This has been going on too long.
I mean despite our previous complaints, kachra nahi utha pimpri mein since the monsoon se bahut badbu
u see IT'S been for 5 DAYS and still ward 34 BEHIND the mall mein log KACHRA fek RAHE HAIN gandagi
bhai hi, गड्ढे की वजह से ward 21 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
u see to whom it may concern, wrd 40 in front of my building bina permission construction ho raha hai This is ridiculous!
I mean we the residents of matunga want to say that garbage truck not coming matunga since 3 days
tbh garbaage not collected ward 29 since the monsoon unbearable smell Kab tak wait karein???
u see w-14 में मच्छरों की समस्या since diwali से है Very disappointed with MC.
we the residents of ward no 13 want to say that darin blocked wrd no 13 in the lane sewage overflowing on road कब होगा काम???
basically Dear MC, stray DOGS not sterilized ward 46 population INCREASING This has been going on too long.
sir Despite our previous CMPLTS, ward 1 में मच्छरों की समस्या past 6 hours से है कब होगा काम???
indiranagar में नामांतरण since monday से लंबित है कब होगा
yaar drain choked W-3 sinc yesterday foul smell health hazard Very disappointed with MC.
yaar despite our previous complaints, ward 12 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Kab tak wait karein???
u see hi, ward no 2 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Nobody is listening to us.
i want to report that matunga ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Please take urgent action!!!
dear mc, ward no 17 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है
actually fire broke out at the signal ward 42 fire brigade delayed This is ridiculous!
u see it's been from last tuesday and still tax demand notice for ward no 9 but payment done from last tuesday ago This has been going on too long.
bhai Urgent complaint: wire LATKI hui hai near the school shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
you know Respected officer, W-5 में स्ट्रीट लाइट 3 din se से बंद है रात में अंधेरा This is ridiculous!
urgent complain: ward 2 में नामांतरण since yesterday से लंबित है कब होगा Please take urgent action!!!
bhai i want to report that bhari water leakage at the main road sadak bhar gayi
this is to inform you that w-17 में स्ट्रीट लाइट for the past week से बंद है रात में अंधेरा Kab tak wait karein???
I mean paid proerty tax Karol BAGH BUT receipt not received This is ridiculous!
you know DEAR MC, my scooter fell in pothole ward 4 near station i got hurt This is ridiculous!
I mean khadda hai at the junction wrad 16 mein accident hua tha kal When will this be fixed??
sir mutation ka koi status nahi mila W-11 ka Nobody is listening to us.
actually respected officer, illegal construction wrd 19 at plot no 45 without permission This is ridiculous!
ward 14 at the signal mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao We are very tired of this.
tbh it's been past 2 weeks and still drainage overflow during rain w-2 flooding streets This is ridiculous!
like This is to INFORM YOU THAT SMALL fire ward no 14 near sector 7 before it spreads please come This is ridiculous!
yaar we the residents of kurla want to say that aaj bhi kurla mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
sir waterlogging after rain wrd 5 mosquito problem getting worse STILL not resolved!!!
yaar i want to report that maa ka certificate chahiye ward 27 office se past 2 weeks ho gaye STILL not resolved!!!
yaar it's been sinc morning and still bhari water leakage at the naka sadak bhar gayi This is ridiculous!
like many stray dogs ward 27 in our colony biting residents This is ridiculous!
basically Hello sir, toilet gandy hai at the junction ward 15 over a fortnight se safai karo Please take urgent action!!!
you know To whom it may concern, 3 people in my building got dengue ward 36 plese spray We are very tired of this.
bhai Hi, death certificate not issued ward 5 office sinc the monsoon We are very tired of this.
water supply stopped Hadapsar from last tuesday residents suffering badly Kab tak wait karein???
yaar hi, ward 40 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein We are very tired of this.
I mean Dear MC, ward 9 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Disgusting situation.
yaar water not coming from tap near the market ward 10 When will this be fixed??
basically Hello SIR, W-15 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है for 10 DAY से When will this be fixed??
Hi, open manhole opposite the hospital ward 40 very dangerous especially at night
actually water from tap hadapsar yellow coloured not drinkable This has been going on too long.
you know paid property tax wrad 46 but receipt not received Nobody is listening to us.
Dear MC, Malviya Nagar mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua over a fortnight se Disgusting situation.
like meri beti ko dengue hua vile parle mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua This is ridiculous!
water pressure very low at the naka ward no 6 snce 3 days barely enough Nobody is listening to us.
Despite our previous complaints, W-7 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
basically To whom it may concern, garbage wala nahi aaya Hadapsar outside my house for 5 days se We are very tired of this.
tbh To whom it may CONCERN, pipe leaking outside near the school W-3 creating POTHOLE ALSO
W-18 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं This is ridiculous!
Hello sir, 3 people IN my BUILDING got dengue wrd NO 7 please spray When will this be fixed??
you know HI, MANHOLE open hai near station KOI gir jayega PLZ cover lagao STILL not resolved!!!
toilet always LOCKED ward 12 near sector 7 useless facility Please take urgent action!!!
u see i want to report that near d-block ward no 21 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding This has been going on too long.
i want to report that supply cut without notice w-1 for the past week कब होगा काम???
sir i want to report that ward no 25 at plot no 45 mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao This has been going on too long.
yaar to whom it may concern, नाली से बदबू wadala में over a fortnight से असहनीय हो गई है This has been going on too long.
tbh Respected officer, stinking garbage pile NEAR the PARK W-3 dogs spreading IT everywhere This has been going on too long.
basically It's been since the rain and still AT plot no 45 wrad no 4 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding
This is to inform you that khadda hai at THE corner ward 3 mein accident hua tha kal
I want to report that water looks muddy W-4 in the bylane for 5 day
sir We the residents of wadr 44 want to say that wateer looks muddy ward 44 near the temple past 6 hours
hi, waste not picked ward 36 at the corner since morning piling up on road This is ridiculous!
basically hello sir, many stray dogs wadr 21 at plot no 45 biting residents
actually this is to inform you that ward 7 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है This has been going on too long.
I mean Dear MC, Bandra West in the lane nali band hai महीने भर से se badbu aa rahi
like To whom it may concern, ward 23 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
this is to inform you that major pipe burst at the signal ward no 16 water wasting Disgusting situation.
actually BIRTH CERTIFICATE not RECEIVED THANE office for the past week
like to whom it may concern, 1 light working out of 10 in mulund rest all dead Nobody is listening to us.
we the residents of ward 15 want to say that entire ward 15 in darkness after 9pm past 6 hours Disgusting situation.
bhai Despite our previous complaints, wter supply stopped santacruz since the monsoon residents suffering badly Nobody is listening to us.
tbh hi, wrong property tax assessment wardd no 25 proerty
u see Hello sir, road dug up for construction never repaired ward 36 sinc monday This is ridiculous!
actually This is to inform you that ward no 19 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति for 10 days से बाधित है
you know respected officer, huge potholes in the lane ward no 15 very dangerous STILL not resolved!!!
I mean Despite OUR previous cmplts, ward no 16 KA paani 3 DIN se nahi aa RHA mujhe kab milega
paani nahi aa raha w-14 mein past 2 weeks se This is ridiculous!
like illegal dump in our colony w-16 flies mosquitoes everywhere Nobody is listening to us.
I mean to whom it may concern, naam galat likha hai certficate mein wardd 17 ka
dear mc, online property tax payment failed amount ₹25000 deducted ward 26
u see hello sir, pipe toot gayi near sector 7 karol bagh ke paas jaldi aao
basically I want to report THAT waterlogging after rain ward no 3 mosquito problem getting worse Disgusting situation.
We the residents of powai want to say that street light not working powai outside my house for 10 days very dark at night
yaar To whom it may CONCERN, bhai Pimpri me paani nahi chal RAHA kuch karo कब होगा काम???
Hi, manhole cover missing at the signal W-5 someone will fall
bhai Respected officer, cylinder blast hua near station ward 35 mein emergency This is ridiculous!
basically despite our previous complaints, matunga में at the main road कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध We are very tired of this.
W-14 near station mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi
I mean Trade license renewal pending sinc monday shop ward 44 STILL not resolved!!!
u see respected officer, pipe leaking w-10 opposite the hospital raod flooded
u see Builder ne maal at the naka wrd 47 road pe daal diya hata do
to whom it may concern, wter has weird smell and colour chembur
you know it's been महीने भर से and still need death certificate urgently ward 38 for insurance Very disappointed with MC.
u see hi, baarish ke baad darin overflow w-9 mein rood nahi dikh raha This has been going on too long.
tbh respected officer, building permission ke liye for 5 dayz wait kar raha hoon ward no 1
basically It's been for 2 days and still gutter bhar gaya ward 12 mein log paani mein chal rahe Very disappointed with MC.
bhai Hi, gutter overflow ward 32 people walking in waste water This has been going on too long.
actually we the residents of kurla want to say that kurla में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें कब होगा काम???
tbh urgnt complaint: gutter overflow powai people walking in waste wator Disgusting situation.
dustbin bhar gayi ward 1 mein KHALI karo please
yaar this is to inform you that dustbin overflowing dharavi not emptied 3 din se
We the residents of Sion want to say that applied birth cert Sion for the past week back no movement We are very tired of this.
mosquito breeding open drain ward 19 health risk
sir despite our previous complaints, manhole cover missing near d-block kurla someone will fall We are very tired of this.
u see i want to report that ward 40 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua for 2 days se STILL not resolved!!!
water not coming FROM tap in front of my building Karol Bagh
like Urgent cmplt: no PUBLIC toilet ward no 9 near THE market open defecation happening
actually correction needed birth certificate ward no 22 wrong name spelled
to whom it may concern, trade license ke liye sine yesterday se wait kar raha hoon wardd 17 STILL not resolved!!!
we the residents of wardd 27 want to say that wrad 27 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi Disgusting situation.
I mean urgent complaint: wrd 15 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति since 3 days से लंबित है We are very tired of this.
I want to report that dustbin bhar gayi vile parle mein khali karo plz
u see hello sir, dog attack powai at plot no 45 child got bitten please help Nobody is listening to us.
actually This is to inform you that entire footpath occupied by shop near the market ward no 7 sinc yesterday We are very tired of this.
sir ward no 2 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
tbh I want to report that no response to building permission application Karol Bagh since morning
this is to inform you that illegl construction ward 33 in the bylane without permission This has been going on too long.
dear mc, powai में near the market पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है STILL not resolved!!!
bhai Dear mc, big wter leak ward no 26 since yesterday nobody coming to fix This is ridiculous!
I mean it's been since 3 days and still at the main rood ward 40 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding
bhai i want to report that road tar came off past 2 weeks ward 14 only stones left Very disappointed with MC.
tbh stinking garbage pile in THE bylane ward 42 dogs spreading IT everywhere
u see hi, tax notice aaya hai koramangala ka lekin payment ho chuki
respected officer, water pipe cracked borivali near the temple road become muddy STILL not resolved!!!
like it's been past 6 hours and still main pipeline burst ward 1 water gushing out past 6 hours This is ridiculous!
bhai to whom it may concern, wadala near the school mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi Nobody is listening to us.
yaar it's been since monday and still toilet gandy hai near station bandra west snce monday se safai karo
basically this is to inform you that swm worker absent from w-12 at the corner since last night Please take urgent action!!!
sir urgent complaint: nali choke ho gayi sion ganda paani sadak pe aa raha Please take urgent action!!!
tbh ward 6 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति 1 hafte se से बाधित है Kab tak wait karein???
yaar urgent CMPLT: ward 48 office SE birth certificate NAHI mila from 4 days se
like ward 26 में व्यापार लाइसेंस over a fortnight से लंबित है We are very tired of this.
actually Urgent COMPLAINT: गड्ढे की वजह से ward 37 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Please take urgent action!!!
I mean Hi, it rained and entire road disappeared ward 13 only pits left Please take urgent action!!!
bhai dear mc, wrad 39 की सड़क की हालत खराब है for 5 dyas से मरम्मत नहीं Nobody is listening to us.
I mean w-7 में since morning से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Nobody is listening to us.
u see pipe toot gayi NEAR sector 7 Sion ke paas jaldi aao
despite our previous cmplts, ward 22 office se birth certificate nahi mila since last night se This is ridiculous!
basically hello sir, pipe leaking koramangala in the bylane road flooded
like To whom it may concern, no streetlight ward 38 near the park theft increasing
this is to inform you that wrd 18 at the naka mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi When will this be fixed??
urgent complaint: entire vile parle in darkness after 9pm since last night Kab tak wait karein???
yaar building permission ke liye for 2 days wait kar raha hoon ward 12
tbh We the residents of ward 24 want TO say that ward 24 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai Please take urgent action!!!
Urgent complaint: no water since from 4 days in ward 15 when will tanker come When will this be fixed??
like This is to inform you THAT khadda hai IN front of my building wadr 27 MEIN accident hua tha kal
urgent complaint: dirty smelly water supply ward no 7 from last tuesday health risk This is ridiculous!
I want to report that Malviya Nagar ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega When will this be fixed??
Dear MC, encroachment ON footpath opposite the hospital ward 35 pedestrians cant walk When will this be fixed??
basically this is to inform you that rood tar came off 1 hafte se ward 6 only stones left Please take urgent action!!!
actually Dear MC, malaria fear wadr no 28 drain noot cleaned since MONDAY This is ridiculous!
you know Wire latki hui hai at the corner shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
tbh small FIRE WARD 28 at the main road BEFORE it spreads please come STILL not resolved!!!
actually i want to report that it rained and entire road disappeared w-2 only pits left Disgusting situation.
basically To whom it may concern, Borivali में at plot no 45 अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
actually Hello sir, illegal building ban raha hai Andheri EAST mein rok do
i want to report that no streetlight w-3 near the temple theft increasing
I mean tax demand notice for w-3 but payment done since last night ago We are very tired of this.
Respected officer, all street lamps broken Powai completely dark We are very tired of this.
sir To whom it may concern, ward 8 mein mutation nahi hua for 2 day se apply kiya tha
yaar to whom it may concern, paani nahi aa raha ward 21 mein for 5 days se Please take urgent action!!!
u see it's been since monday and still paid property tax ward no 16 but receipt not received
you know Dear MC, oc application pending since monday Vikhroli office Kab tak wait karein???
I want to report that manhole open hai at plot no 45 koi gir jayega please cover lagao
Hello sir, drain CHOKED WARDD 25 since LAST night FOUL smell health hazard कब होगा काम???
yaar it's been for the past week and still phole near station ward 1 bike accident happened yesterday Please take urgent action!!!
I mean to whom it may concern, ward 21 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua 3 din se se
hi, ward 35 में कचरा गाड़ी kaafi dino se से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है We are very tired of this.
u see Hi, no public toilet Kurla in our colony open DEFECATION happening
TO whom IT may concern, manhole cover missing in the lane ward 34 SOMEONE will fall
dog attack laxmi nagar near the temple child got bitten please help Please take urgent action!!!
I mean urgent complaint: ward 45 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया कब होगा काम???
To whom it may concern, khadda hai in our colony wardd no 15 mein accident hua tha kal
hello sir, 1 light working out of 10 in w-6 rest all dead
like i want to report that entire ward no 7 in darkness after 9pm since last night
yaar we the residents of indiranagar want to say that malaria fear indiranagar drain not cleaned since monday कब होगा काम???
actually to whom it may concern, w-5 में in our colony के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक कब होगा काम???
I mean Despite our previous complaints, naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward 24 ka This has been going on too long.
sir We the residents of ward 33 want to say that property tax portal down cannot pay wadr 33 Very disappointed with MC.
नाली से बदबू wrd no 7 में for 2 days से असहनीय हो गई है We are very tired of this.
bhai gutter overflow ward 13 people walking in waste water
yaar dear mc, sewage smell unbearable ward no 27 from last tuesday kids cant go to school
bhai dear mc, building permission ke liye for 2 days wait kar raha hoon ward 45 We are very tired of this.
u see IT'S been from 4 days and still W-11 में near the park के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक Please take urgent action!!!
u see It's been महीने भर से and still trade license ke liye महीने भर से se wait kar raha hoon ward 25
basically it's been for 2 days and still online payment fail ho gayi ward no 7 mein paise kat gaye Disgusting situation.
i want to report that toilet broken and stinking ward 46 nobody cleaning This is ridiculous!
yaar Despite our previous complaints, toilet gandy hai at the corner w-6 for 5 day se safai karo Very disappointed with MC.
I mean this is to inform you that we r not getting water matunga 4 past 2 weeks wat is happening This has been going on too long.
u see Urgent complain: swm worker absent from vikhroli at the corner for 10 days This has been going on too long.
you know Hello sir, paid some amount proprty tax but still showing dues ward no 4 This has been going on too long.
sir It's been since 3 days and still naam galat likha hai certificate mein Shivaji Nagar ka Nobody is listening to us.
We the residents of Indiranagar want to say that costrution waste dumped on road Indiranagar by builder This has been going on too long.
tbh i want to report that tax notice came again even after paying ward 40
u see I want to report that we r noot getting water wrad 45 4 kaafi dino se wat is happening कब होगा काम???
I mean Urgent complaint: pipe toot gayi near the park WARD 25 ke PAAS JALDI aao We are very tired of this.
sir We the residents of wrad no 13 want to say that builder started work at night ward no 13 at the junction no permission
I mean To whom it may concern, पड़ोसी ने Govandi में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली Nobody is listening to us.
Dear MC, mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward no 24 ka Disgusting situation.
I mean Indiranagar ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi STILL not resolved!!!
yaar it's been for the past week and still mulund में for the past week से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Nobody is listening to us.
basically Hello sir, dustbin overflowing ward 3 not emptied 3 din se
this is to inform you that death registered but certificate pending w-17 This has been going on too long.
u see Dear MC, MY shop has no license because ward 26 OFFICE not responding STILL not resolved!!!
massive crater sized pothole outside my house wrad 33 sine kaafi dino se
u see hi, नाली से बदबू ward 30 में since the rain से असहनीय हो गई है Kab tak wait karein???
tbh w-9 में स्ट्रीट लाइट 1 hafte se से बंद है रात में अंधेरा Very disappointed with MC.
bhai To whom it may concern, water from tap Laxmi Nagar yellow coloured not drinkable STILL not resolved!!!
like despite our previous complains, construction without plan approval ward 2
it's been since yesterday and still paani ki bohot problem hai opposite the hospital mein wrad 6 ke andar Very disappointed with MC.
To whom it may concern, construction waste dumped on rood ward 40 by builder
yaar construction without plan approval ward no 5 We are very tired of this.
yaar HI, big watr leak W-13 for 10 days nobody coming to fix When will this be fixed??
basically It's been 3 din se and still street ligth toot gayi in front of my building w-18 3 din se se This has been going on too long.
basically respected officer, roaad full of potholes ward no 16 past 6 hours vehicles getting damaged
basically pothole at the signal ward 47 bike accident happened yesterday Please take urgent action!!!
you know we the residents of ward no 12 want to say that wadr no 12 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi This has been going on too long.
wrad 29 near the school में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Very disappointed with MC.
I mean respected officer, road tar came off since last month ward no 11 only stones left We are very tired of this.
like ward no 9 में नामांतरण since diwali से लंबित है कब होगा
basically Bacche ka certificate nahi bana w-12 mein snce yesterday lag gaye We are very tired of this.
basically ward 21 office hi NAHI uthata phone trade license ke liye
basically respected officer, swm worker absent from laxmi nagar near the temple since yesterday Nobody is listening to us.
We the residents of Karol Bagh WANT to say that 3 people in my BUILDING got dengue Karol Bagh plz spray We are very tired of this.
tbh Dear MC, street light toot gayi near sector 7 Pimpri past 6 HOURS se कब होगा काम???
kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward no 12 mein urgnt karo STILL not resolved!!!
bhai I want to REPORT that dustbin BHAR gayi W-3 mein khali KARO please कब होगा काम???
i want to report that dustbin overflowing w-18 noot emptied for 10 dyas Nobody is listening to us.
you know ward 26 में स्ट्रीट लाइट महीने भर से से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
sir daily water supply disrupted ward no 8 past snce morning pipeline blocked maybe
bhai I want to report THAT Mulund में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं Nobody is listening to us.
actually Urgent cmplt: kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko Karol Bagh mein urgent karo Please take urgent action!!!
I mean manhole cover missing near d-block ward no 12 someone will fall
sir despite our previous complaints, ward 20 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
bhai DEAR MC, W-5 ka paani smell KAR raha hai bilkul nahi peete
bhai W-6 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें Disgusting situation.
basically This IS to inform you that paid propety tax ward 10 but receipt not received
sir it's been for 10 days and still sewage smell unbearable indiranagar for 10 days kids cant go to school We are very tired of this.
I mean Dear MC, ward no 15 mein SADAK pe bade khadde hain KAAFI DINO se se BAHUT takleef When will this be fixed??
no response to building permission application w-11 over a fortnight When will this be fixed??
tbh This is TO inform you that maa ka certficate chahiye ward 17 OFFICE se kaafi dino se HO gaye
I want to report that illegal building ban raha hai ward 38 mein rok do
like wrd no 18 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया We are very tired of this.
u see It's been 1 hafte se and still fire broke out near D-block wardd 11 fire brigade delayed We are very tired of this.
basically hi, death registered but certificate pending wadr no 28 कब होगा काम???
Registered birth past 6 hours but certficate not issued andheri east STILL not resolved!!!
like i want to report that tax notice aaya hai mulund ka lekin payment ho chuki Kab tak wait karein???
basically hi, safai nahi ho rahi ward 34 sinc the rain se kachra uthao na This has been going on too long.
despite our previous complaints, water supply stopped w-4 3 din se residents suffering badly Nobody is listening to us.
sir Wrad 46 office mein plan submit kiya since diwali reply nahi When will this be fixed??
u see it's been kaafi dino se and still no response to building permission application wardd 36 kaafi dino se Nobody is listening to us.
it's been from 4 days and still ward 18 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें We are very tired of this.
you know malaria fear ward no 11 drain not cleaned since yesterday STILL not resolved!!!
Despite our previous cmplts, registered birth from 4 days but certificate not issued ward 11 When will this be fixed??
despite our previous cmplts, w-12 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए We are very tired of this.
I mean This is to inform you that open manhole behind the mall wardd no 26 very dangerous especially at night
tbh hello sir, tax notice aaya hai chembur ka lekin payment ho chuki Please take urgent action!!!
tbh Hi, at plot no 45 ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward 13 mein sinc last night se Kab tak wait karein???
yaar Property mutation not done ward 10 applied 1 hafte se ago
sir IT'S been since morning and STILL in the bylane W-19 ka kuda uthao yaar SINCE MORNING se NAHI utha
u see Respected officer, fire at building ward no 23 near sector 7 pls send fire engine When will this be fixed??
it's been from 4 dayz and still pimpri का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
Wrong property tax assessment govandi property
I mean supply cut without notice bandra west from 4 days This has been going on too long.
yaar ward no 29 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है kaafi dino se से Please take urgent action!!!
actually To whom it may concern, raod tar came off महीने भर से ward no 13 only stones left STILL not resolved!!!
I mean despite our previous cmplts, mosquito problem ward 21 near sector 7 no fogging sine monday
actually This is to inform you that गड्ढे की वजह से ward no 6 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा We are very tired of this.
karol bagh ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Very disappointed with MC.
tbh respected officer, w-2 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति past 6 hours से बाधित है
tbh we the residents of w-7 want to say that w-7 mein paani band hai since 3 days se log taras rahe hain Very disappointed with MC.
bhai dear mc, open manhole near the market ward no 13 very dangerous especially at night
sir ward no 3 at the corner nali band hai for the past week se badbu aa rahi
tbh urgent cmplt: naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward 29 ka STILL not resolved!!!
tbh hi, water pressure very low in front of my building ward no 2 past 2 weeks barely enough We are very tired of this.
building plan submitted ward 16 since the rain no response Disgusting situation.
hello sir, garbage nt colectd wrad no 16 from 4 days unbearable smell
tbh Dear MC, municipal tanker not COMING to WARD 26 since last night This has been going on too long.
I want to report that need death certficate urgently ward 19 for insurance STILL not resolved!!!
Dear mc, water filter getting choked daily ward 18 water very bad quality This has been going on too long.
hi, हमारे wrd 35 में from 4 dayz से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
I mean hello sir, illegl dump in the lane ward 10 flies mosquitoes everywhere Nobody is listening to us.
sir To whom it may concern, ward 29 में in front of my building पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है Kab tak wait karein???
you know To whom it may concern, kab aayega paani wadala mein itna wait kar rahe hain
we the residents of w-18 want to say that mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani w-18 Please take urgent action!!!
bhai pothole at the junction ward 40 bike accident happened yesterday This is ridiculous!
dear mc, no response to building permission application ward 10 since last month
despite our previous complaints, near the market ward 42 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
respected officer, drainage overflow during rain thane flooding streets
basically This is to inform you that ward no 27 में at the junction पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है Please take urgent action!!!
actually this is to inform you that kachra nahi utha ward no 15 mein sinc morning se bahut badbu कब होगा काम???
like hello sir, toilet broken and stinking vile parle nobody cleaning Nobody is listening to us.
bhai urgent complaint: govandi क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति since the rain से बाधित है
yaar Hello sir, BACCHE ka certificate NAHI bana ward NO 16 MEIN for 10 days lag gaye
sir street light wire hanging loose in the bylane matunga shock risk कब होगा काम???
yaar building plan SUBMITTED ward 31 since last month no response Disgusting situation.
actually Respected officer, new trade license not processed ward no 22 past 2 weeks
this is to inform you that mosquito breeding open drain w-14 health risk This is ridiculous!
Respected officer, ward no 23 MEIN mutation nahi hua महीने भर से se apply kiya THA When will this be fixed??
despite our previous complaints, nahi aa rha paani ward 45 mein plz koi to suno
u see hello sir, road pe gadd hai at the naka govandi bike wale girte hain We are very tired of this.
we the residents of ward no 25 want to say that tax notice aaya hai ward no 25 ka lekin payment ho chuki Very disappointed with MC.
tbh dear mc, toilet gandy hai at the main road wrd 7 since last night se safai karo कब होगा काम???
bhai urgnt cmplt: WATER looks muddy ward 34 near the temple for 10 days When will this be fixed??
sir respected officer, no public toilet ward 46 at plot no 45 open defecation happening When will this be fixed??
you know it's been since morning and still road pe gadd hai near d-block koramangala bike wale girte hain Please take urgent action!!!
To whom it MAY concern, builder started work AT night ward 3 at the naka no permission When will this be fixed??
sir big water leak borivali for the past week nobody coming to fix This has been going on too long.
bhai hi, trade license renewal pending from last tuesday shop ward 11
like Respected officer, AT the JUNCTION ward 1 mein paani khada hai mosquito BREEDING When will this be fixed??
sir ward 3 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai This has been going on too long.
Dear MC, khadda HAI in THE lane W-11 mein accident hua tha KAL Nobody is listening to us.
bhai 1 light working out of 10 in vikhroli rest all dead This has been going on too long.
respected officer, garbage lying on road ward 22 for 2 days disease risk Please take urgent action!!!
basically Dear MC, brown water coming W-14 children getting sick
like dear mc, नाली से बदबू ward no 2 में since yesterday से असहनीय हो गई है
bhai hello sir, w-2 में व्यापार लाइसेंस snce morning से लंबित है STILL not resolved!!!
bhai Hi, khadda hai near the school wadr 17 mein accident hua tha kal When will this be fixed??
Dear MC, garbage truck not coming ward 28 from 4 dyas Disgusting situation.
like trade license ke liye past 2 weeks se wait kar raha hoon andheri east
I mean ward 12 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
dear mc, cow sitting on main roaad ward 36 traffic blocked This has been going on too long.
I mean hello sir, nali choke ho gayi wrad 35 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha
bhai to whom it may concern, shivaji nagar में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं Please take urgent action!!!
I mean नाली से बदबू ward no 25 में sine 3 days से असहनीय हो गई है कब होगा काम???
tbh kab aayega paani w-15 mein itna wait kar rahe hain This is ridiculous!
tbh ward no 2 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं This is ridiculous!
tbh urgnt complaint: ward no 28 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi कब होगा काम???
basically Dear MC, brown watr coming ward no 27 children GETTING sick This is ridiculous!
you know To whom it may concern, VIKHROLI mein mutation nahi hua FROM last TUESDAY se apply kiya tha Please take urgent action!!!
yaar my baby born snce 3 dayz certiifcate still not ready ward no 25 Very disappointed with MC.
actually Urgent complaint: big water leak ward no 2 sine last month nobody coming to fix This has been going on too long.
you know hi, manhole open hai at the junction koi gir jayega pleese cover lagao Nobody is listening to us.
This is to inform you that bhai W-18 ME PAANI nahi CHAL raha kuch karo Very disappointed with MC.
like urgent cmplt: no water since महीने भर से in ward 38 when will tanker come कब होगा काम???
hello sir, street light wire hanging loose behind the mall ward 31 shock risk This is ridiculous!
Respected officer, bhai w-13 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
dear mc, neighbor built extra floor without permission ward 41 When will this be fixed??
W-15 में नाली बंद है over a fortnight से सड़क पर गंदा पानी This has been going on too long.
like To whom it may concern, bhai ward no 7 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo Kab tak wait karein???
u see 1 light working out of 10 in ward no 27 rest all dead
like i want to report that dustbin bhar gayi ward 14 mein khali karo plz Kab tak wait karein???
नाली से बदबू ward 26 में from 4 days से असहनीय हो गई है
actually At the junction w-7 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है We are very tired of this.
actually light pole broken Shivaji Nagar dangerous live wire exposed Kab tak wait karein???
u see Dear mc, toilet gandy hai near the park ward 16 past 2 weeks se safai karo
This is to inform you that correction needed birth certifcate ward no 16 wrong name spelled
basically Online property tax payment failed amount ₹5000 deducted ward no 14
hello sir, aaj fir gira mai ward 20 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche When will this be fixed??
hello sir, wrad no 6 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है
stinking garbage pile at the signal wadr 43 dogs spreading it everywhere STILL not resolved!!!
I mean we the residents of w-8 want to say that w-8 mein death certificate nahi mila since the monsoon se urgnt hai We are very tired of this.
sir w-13 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili Very disappointed with MC.
basically this is to inform you that bandra west में since 3 days से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Disgusting situation.
Hi, it rained and entire road disappeared W-9 only pits left
To whom it MAY concern, ward no 13 की सड़क की हालत खराब है since MONDAY से मरम्मत नहीं We are very tired of this.
bhai hi, my area matunga has nto seen garbage van since over a fortnight
yaar i want to report that pack of dogs chasing people santacruz very scary
u see i want to report that hadapsar में सार्वजनिक शौचालय from last tuesday से साफ नहीं हुआ
actually hello sir, correction needed birth certifcate ward no 26 wrong name spelled This has been going on too long.
respected officer, w-9 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक This has been going on too long.
brown wator coming kurla children getting sick This is ridiculous!
Hello sir, applied trade license for the past week ago wadr 44 still waiting
you know to whom it may concern, andheri east से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र since morning से नहीं मिला Very disappointed with MC.
like respected officer, road pe gadd hai at the naka wardd 2 bike wale girte hain Nobody is listening to us.
tbh it's been since the monsoon and still need death certificate urgently ward 42 for insurance This has been going on too long.
I mean this is to inform you that tax demand notice for ward 44 but payment done for 10 days ago
bhai road full of potholes Dharavi महीने भर से vehicles getting damaged कब होगा काम???
Ward 35 office se birth certificate nahi mila since morning se Kab tak wait karein???
sir Despite our previous complaints, MY building behind the MALL W-4 HAS no water from FROM 4 days what TO DO We are very tired of this.
like W-7 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र past 6 hours से नहीं मिला
yaar Dear MC, my building at the naka ward no 19 has no wateer from sinc monday what to do
actually we the residents of sion want to say that sion में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है
urgent complaint: trade license ke liye since the rain se wait kar raha hoon wadr 48
I mean we r nto getting water ward 37 4 since morning wat is happening
I mean Dear MC, commencement certificate not received ward 47 despite approval
This is to INFORM you that stinking garbage pile in THE lane Pimpri dogs spreading it everywhere This has been going on too long.
u see it's been since morning and still bandra west में स्ट्रीट लाइट since morning से बंद है रात में अंधेरा कब होगा काम???
sir hello sir, toilet gandy hai at the corner ward no 4 महीने भर से se safai karo
u see Cylinder blast hua in front of my building ward 16 mein emergency Very disappointed with MC.
like public toilet ward no 28 very dirty not cleaned महीने भर से Kab tak wait karein???
like We the residents of Koramangala want to say that toilet band rehta hai Koramangala mein kya fayda
bhai despite our previous complaints, no watr since kaafi dino se in ward 49 when will tanker come
yaar It's been from last tuesday and still fire broke out at the naka ward 34 fire brigade delayed कब होगा काम???
yaar gutter bhar gaya w-11 mein log paani mein chal rahe कब होगा काम???
actually to whom it may concern, kachra nahi utha ward no 15 mein past 6 hours se bahut badbu
bhai hello sir, wrad 6 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं कब होगा काम???
actually correction needed birth certificate mulund wrong name spelled कब होगा काम???
like It's been since diwali and still ward 1 office mein PLAN submit kiya since DIWALI reply NAHI Very disappointed with MC.
bhai hello sir, swm worker absent from indiranagar at the main road for the past week We are very tired of this.
bhai we the residents of ward no 28 want to say that wardd no 28 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
despite our previous complains, ward 17 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe कब होगा काम???
basically dear mc, many stray dogs wadala outside my house biting residents Nobody is listening to us.
Hi, sewage smell unbearable Vikhroli past 2 weeks kids cant go to school
I mean We THE residents of W-15 want to say THAT footpath pe encroachment hai at the junction W-15 mein Kab tak wait karein???
respected officer, road dug up for construction never repaired ward no 7 for 10 days
my baby born past 6 hours certificate still not ready W-14 STILL not resolved!!!
bhai i want to report that indiranagar में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं This is ridiculous!
I mean I WANT to report that garbage lying ON road ward 35 for 2 day disease risk Kab tak wait karein???
sir trade license ke liye for 10 days se wait kar raha hoon ward no 14 We are very tired of this.
you know हमारे W-9 में since last month से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे This is ridiculous!
I mean hello sir, no response to building permission application chembur since diwali
yaar गड्ढे की वजह से W-15 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा When will this be fixed??
tbh we the residents of ward no 29 want to say that aaj fir gira mai ward no 29 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche STILL not resolved!!!
It's been since yesterday and still bhai wadr 44 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
u see I want to report that pipe leaking outside in the lane W-4 creating pothole ALSO Disgusting situation.
Hello sir, bhari water leakage near the park sadak bhar gayi Disgusting situation.
this is to inform you that no response to building permission application matunga from last tuesday This has been going on too long.
This is to inform you that drain blocked wadr 47 near the temple sewage overflowing on road
you know TO whom it may CONCERN, drain blocked W-18 AT THE naka sewage OVERFLOWING on road Kab tak wait karein???
actually Encroachment on footpath in the lane shivaji nagar pedestrians cant walk
sir Respected officer, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain w-6 traffic jam ho raha This is ridiculous!
it's been from 4 days and still ward no 29 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें Please take urgent action!!!
sir stray cattle blocking road WARD 11 for 5 days This has been going on too long.
i want to report that ward 11 में मच्छरों की समस्या 1 hafte se से है Please take urgent action!!!
like building plan submitted karol bagh for 10 days no response
actually garbage wala NAHI AAYA WARD 30 behind the MALL since morning se कब होगा काम???
sir ward 19 में मच्छरों की समस्या 1 hafte se से है Nobody is listening to us.
It's been over a fortnight and still paani ki bohot problem hai outside my house mein wadr 33 ke andar This is ridiculous!
Applied trade license for 10 days ago ward no 10 still waiting When will this be fixed??
tbh We the residents of ward 26 want to say that wadr 26 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
i want to report that cylinder blast behind the mall ward 16 need immediate help STILL not resolved!!!
respected officer, main pipeline burst ward no 15 water gushing out since monday
bhai we the residents of wadr no 14 want to say that ward no 14 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है
basically safai nahi ho rahi ward no 7 from 4 days se kachra uthao na Kab tak wait karein???
respected officer, mulund mein death certificate nahi mila past 2 weeks se urgent hai
sir respected officer, builder ne maal at the main road wardd 34 road pe daal diya hata do
I mean I want to report that no response to building permission application w-7 since last month
bhai fire broke out near the temple ward 14 fire brigade delayed
sir to whom it may concern, pimpri से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र sinc yesterday से नहीं मिला
drainage overflow during rain wardd 43 flooding streets We are very tired of this.
hello sir, road tar came off sine morning ward 20 only stones left
sir urgent complaint: at plot no 45 ward no 21 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है This is ridiculous!
sir phole at the naka ward no 5 bike accident happened yesterday
basically tap is dry ward no 5 FOR 2 DAYS PLEASE check the pipeline Please take urgent action!!!
sir Despite our previous complaints, waste not picked wadr 3 at the junction from 4 days piling up on road Kab tak wait karein???
yaar respected officer, water has weird smell and colour w-14 Please take urgent action!!!
street ligh toot gayi near the market wrd no 11 since the monsoon se This has been going on too long.
u see respected officer, w-18 में कचरा गाड़ी past 6 hours से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है Kab tak wait karein???
we the residents of w-2 want to say that darin blocked w-2 at the corner sewage overflowing on roaad We are very tired of this.
sir dear mc, cow sitting on main rood wrad 18 traffic blocked
it's been from last tuesday and still street light wire hanging loose near the park w-19 shock risk कब होगा काम???
like hi, ward no 5 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है
Urgent complain: NEED death certificate urgently wadr 11 for INSURANCE Very disappointed with MC.
hi, w-11 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai Kab tak wait karein???
yaar ward 33 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक कब होगा काम???
u see i want to report that laxmi nagar में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Kab tak wait karein???
toilet broken and stinking ward no 17 nobody cleaning STILL not resolved!!!
I mean To whom it may concern, municipal tanker not coming to W-7 kaafi dino se We are very tired of this.
I mean respected officer, wrd 3 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge कब होगा काम???
sir THIS is to inform you that wrad 19 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
urgent complaint: pipe leaking outside at plot no 45 govandi creating pot hole also STILL not resolved!!!
kurla में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
basically dear mc, death registered but certificate pending ward 28
tbh Dear MC, 3 people in MY building GOT dengue W-16 please spray
basically mom ko heart problem hai isliye URGENT chahiye paani ward 21
basically i want to report that unauthorized building wrad 5 pls stop Disgusting situation.
bhai despite our previous complaints, my building at the naka govandi has no water from past 2 weeks what to do कब होगा काम???
we the residents of w-4 want to say that pipe leaking outside at the corner w-4 creating pothole also This has been going on too long.
basically ward 37 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete This is ridiculous!
like respected officer, road pe gadd hai near d-block ward 20 bike wale girte hain Nobody is listening to us.
to whom it may concern, online property tax payment failed amount some amount deducted wrad 20 Nobody is listening to us.
actually Despite our previous cmplts, ward 46 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
RESPECTED officer, ROAD BROKEN badly ward 23 AT THE corner car tyres punctured 2 times Disgusting situation.
tbh Respected officer, stinking GARBAGE pile near the park ward NO 27 dogs spreading it everywhere This has been going on too long.
Urgent complaint: new trade license not processed ward 45 since monday Disgusting situation.
machhar bahut hain W-16 for 10 days se spray kab karoge
hello sir, potholes on main roda w-13 causing accidents महीने भर से
I mean Hello sir, water from tap w-16 yellow coloured not drinkable We are very tired of this.
u see wadr no 15 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें Very disappointed with MC.
u see respected officer, my building opposite the hospital govandi has no wter from for 5 dyas what to do
sir despite our previous complaints, wateer leakage near sector 7 ward no 6 huge wastage please fix Very disappointed with MC.
actually urgent cmplt: ward 48 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe
u see respected officer, ward 28 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र past 6 hours से नहीं मिला Nobody is listening to us.
basically to whom it may concern, kachra nahi utha w-5 mein since diwali se bahut badbu
bhai Hi, street ligh wire hanging loose opposite the hospital ward 35 shock risk When will this be fixed??
u see hello sir, all street lamps broken w-2 completely dark When will this be fixed??
Light pole broken w-5 dangerous live wire exposed
गड्ढे की वजह से w-15 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Disgusting situation.
we the residents of laxmi nagar want to say that laxmi nagar mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua for 2 dyas se
basically it's been over a fortnight and still cylinder blast hua near station ward 20 mein emergency Please take urgent action!!!
yaar despite our previous complaints, footpath pe encroachment hai near the park wadr 21 mein We are very tired of this.
I mean watr has WEIRD smell and COLOUR W-1 This has been going on too long.
sir it's been for 10 days and still cow sitting on main road thane traffic blocked When will this be fixed??
Urgent complaint: ward no 27 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for 2 days से लंबित है Very disappointed with MC.
respected officer, garbage nto colected ward 14 since last night unbearable smell
you know hello sir, fire at building govandi in the bylane plz send fire engine This has been going on too long.
yaar dear mc, at the junction ward 33 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
tbh Dear MC, pipe toot gayi near the school W-14 KE PAAS jaldi aao
Hello sir, wardd no 23 mein mutation nahi hua for 2 days se apply kiya tha Disgusting situation.
tbh respected officer, death certificate not issued ward 48 office for 5 days Nobody is listening to us.
हमारे ward no 19 में from last tuesday से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
dear mc, bacche ka certificate nahi bana wrad 36 mein kaafi dino se lag gaye
you know this is to inform you that dharavi में भवन निर्माण अनुमति 1 hafte se से लंबित है This has been going on too long.
sir hi, wardd 49 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein When will this be fixed??
hello sir, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi bandra west me over a fortnight se Kab tak wait karein???
bhai hello sir, birth certificate not received ward 8 office since the rain Very disappointed with MC.
u see respected officer, ward no 13 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete
it's been since last night and still tax notice came again even after paying w-19 We are very tired of this.
respected officer, pipe phoot gayi bandra west near the park mein paani beh raha hai We are very tired of this.
actually despite our previous complaints, raat ko construction chal raha tha thane bina permission
like water looks muddy ward 1 near d-block past 6 hours Kab tak wait karein???
ward 4 में कचरा गाड़ी for the past week से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
this is to inform you that aaj bhi ward 6 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo This is ridiculous!
respected officer, building permission ke liye from 4 dayz wait kar raha hoon ward no 19
you know it's been 3 din se and still mosquito problem wadr 27 near the park no fogging 3 din se This is ridiculous!
Respected officer, W-10 near the school mein log kachra fek RAHE hain gandagi Nobody is listening to us.
u see URGENT cmplt: ward 17 ki light band HAI chor ka DAR lag raha hai sach mein
sir Despite our PREVIOUS complaints, roda tar came off sine diwali Matunga only stones left Please take urgent action!!!
yaar hi, ward 18 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है STILL not resolved!!!
Sewage smell unbearable ward no 10 sinc diwali kids cant go to school Kab tak wait karein???
tbh ward no 4 में नामांतरण from 4 dyas से लंबित है कब होगा
bhai bacche ka certficate nahi bana SANTACRUZ mein महीने भर से lag gaye When will this be fixed??
tbh it's been since last night and still dengue cases increasing wardd no 9 stagnant watr not removed We are very tired of this.
GARBAGE wala nahi AAYA Powai near the market sine MORNING se Kab tak wait karein???
bhai Dear MC, Vikhroli में कचरा गाड़ी for the past WEEK से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
I mean Thane में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है 1 hafte se से Please take urgent action!!!
To whom it may concern, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward 37 ka kuda uthane This is ridiculous!
i want to report that mosquito breeding open drain matunga health risk Disgusting situation.
tbh despite our previous complaints, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya wrad 37 ka kuda uthane Please take urgent action!!!
it's been for the past week and still nali choke ho gayi thane ganda paani sadak pe aa raha
my shop has no license because ward no 9 office not responding Please take urgent action!!!
u see I want to report that ward no 8 में past 2 weeks से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Very disappointed with MC.
respected officer, cylinder blast behind the mall wardd no 26 need immediate help
to whom it may concern, gutter bhar gaya w-13 mein log paani mein chal rahe
yaar Respected officer, cylinder blast hua BEHIND the MALL ward no 21 mein emergency
sir Dear mc, garbage collector takes money still nt collecting vile parle
actually WARD 48 की सड़क की हालत खराब है sinc yesterday से मरम्मत नहीं This is ridiculous!
bhai respected officer, dog attack w-18 in the bylane child got bitten pls help
actually i want to report that dustbin overflowing wrad no 24 not emptied महीने भर से Please take urgent action!!!
I mean DEAR MC, toilet broken and stinking wardd no 9 NOBODY cleaning
like respected officer, paani ki bohot problem hai at the corner mein w-17 ke andar कब होगा काम???
actually we the residents of w-6 want to say that light pole broken w-6 dangerous live wire exposed
bhai this is to inform you that illegal constuction ward 5 behind the mall without permission
This is to inform you that street light wire hanging loose near station ward no 5 shock risk Please take urgent action!!!
huge potholes near d-block wardd 37 very dangerous STILL not resolved!!!
I mean My baby born for 5 dayz certficate still not ready w-19 कब होगा काम???
basically Urgent complaint: kachra nahi utha ward no 18 mein for 5 days se bahut badbu Very disappointed with MC.
we the residents of w-17 want to say that commencement certificate not received w-17 despite approval कब होगा काम???
you know mutation ka koi status nahi mila wrd no 19 ka
yaar respected officer, wrad 1 at the junction में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Kab tak wait karein???
I mean respected officer, public toilet ward no 13 very dirty not cleaned महीने भर से Very disappointed with MC.
u see respected officer, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward 5 ka kuda uthane
yaar I want to report that entire footpath occupied by shop near the temple ward 44 for 10 days STILL not resolved!!!
yaar MAIN pipeline burst WARD 21 water gushing OUT since morning
you know dear mc, dirty smelly water supply ward 9 since yesterday health risk This is ridiculous!
bhai many stray dogs wardd no 19 near the school biting residents
I mean hi, w-16 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं STILL not resolved!!!
I mean hello sir, cylinder blast hua behind the mall karol bagh mein emergency
you know mutation request pending thane from 4 dayz please process Disgusting situation.
you know we the residents of ward no 17 want to say that dustbin overflowing wrad no 17 not emptied since last month We are very tired of this.
u see nahi aa rha paani W-5 mein plese koi to suno
actually Respected officer, death registered but certificate pending W-12 Very disappointed with MC.
basically To whom it may concern, ₹8500 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 26
Despite OUR previous complains, oc APPLICATION pending over A fortnight Matunga OFFICE Kab tak wait karein???
It's been 3 din se and still ward 29 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua 3 din se se We are very tired of this.
BUILDING mein AAG Borivali jaldi aao We are very tired of this.
WARDD 31 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है कब होगा काम???
i want to report that 1 light working out of 10 in ward no 11 rest all dead
bhai massive crater sized pothole in the lane hadapsar snce since morning When will this be fixed??
dear mc, stinking garbage pile at the junction ward 35 dogs spreading it everywhere
ward 25 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है
sir Despite our previous complaints, paid proerty tax ward no 28 but receipt nto received
basically it's been since last night and still gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward 17 traffic jam ho raha Very disappointed with MC.
sir water supply stopped wadr 26 for 10 days residents suffering badly When will this be fixed??
basically DESPITE our PREVIOUS complaints, bacche ka certficate nahi bana wrd 12 mein for 10 days lag gaye
urgent complain: ward no 10 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete
Urgent complaint: property mutation not done wrd 17 applied for 5 days ago
like wrd no 26 में past 6 hours से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
like I want to report that ward no 21 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain snce the rain se bahut takleef Nobody is listening to us.
I mean HELLO sir, ward 22 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi
hi, w-16 office se birth certificate nahi mila since diwali se
yaar road tar came off since diwali w-1 only stones left
I want to report THAT oc APPLICATION pending 3 din se ward no 15 OFFICE STILL not resolved!!!
yaar toilet gandy hai in our colony ward 35 kaafi dino se se safai karo
I mean this is to inform you that kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi w-10 me 3 din se se We are very tired of this.
I mean hi, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा wrad 21 में sine monday से Disgusting situation.
you know respected officer, neighbor built extra floor without permission w-4 This has been going on too long.
road dug up for construction never repaired ward 25 since 3 dayz Kab tak wait karein???
basically Hi, garbage collector takes money STILL not collecting ward NO 25 STILL not resolved!!!
hi, ward no 9 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है over a fortnight से This is ridiculous!
Dear MC, in THE lane ward no 12 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है Disgusting situation.
I mean bhai Wadala me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
this is to inform you that building permission ke liye since the monsoon wait kar raha hoon ward 10 Nobody is listening to us.
I mean I want to report that wrad 5 में मच्छरों की समस्या since the rain से है
we the residents of w-16 want to say that major pipe burst at the corner w-16 wter wasting
bhai Despite our previous complaints, encroachment on footpath outside my house ward no 5 pedestrians cant walk Disgusting situation.
bhai we the residents of ward 13 want to say that road pe gadd hai near the market ward 13 bike wale girte hain This is ridiculous!
u see wadr no 26 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi
I want to REPORT that WARD 19 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है This has been going on too long.
like i want to report that illegal constraction wardd no 1 near the market without permission कब होगा काम???
ward NO 15 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं Very disappointed with MC.
yaar kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi w-5 me for 10 days se Please take urgent action!!!
actually it's been for the past week and still khadda hai at plot no 45 wadr 44 mein accident hua tha kal This has been going on too long.
basically despite our previous complaints, my shop has no license because hadapsar office not responding Kab tak wait karein???
bhai we the residents of w-4 want to say that w-4 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye
Respected officer, toilet always locked ward no 16 at the corner useless facility When will this be fixed??
it's been past 6 hours and still machhar bahut hain wrd no 2 past 6 hours se spray kab karoge Very disappointed with MC.
i want to report that new trade license not processed ward no 9 from last tuesday
you know BROWN WATER coming W-17 CHILDREN getting sick
basically it's been for 2 days and still wrad no 21 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं When will this be fixed??
hi, ligh pole broken ward 13 dangerous live wire exposed Disgusting situation.
actually i want to report that all street lamps broken w-7 completely dark When will this be fixed??
hi, water noot coming from tap near the park ward 30 Kab tak wait karein???
I mean i want to report that huge potholes near sector 7 w-17 very dangerous
dear mc, supply cut without notice ward 46 from 4 day
ward 1 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है Please take urgent action!!!
yaar dog attack ward no 19 near D-block child got bitten pls help
respected officer, wardd 15 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय since last night से साफ नहीं हुआ Please take urgent action!!!
actually it's been for 2 days and still thane में in front of my building पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
bhai Urgent complaint: pothole IN OUR colony ward 1 bike accident happened yesterday This has been going on too long.
tbh paani nahi aa raha Powai mein from last tuesday SE
u see hi, stinking garbage pile in the bylane wardd 24 dogs spreading it everywhere
I mean i want to report that ward no 5 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi We are very tired of this.
u see it's been sinc yesterday and still major pipe burst at the main road wrad 28 water wasting Kab tak wait karein???
Urgent complaint: behind the mall w-1 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
applied birth cert ward 16 for the past week back no movement When will this be fixed??
like respected officer, at the junction wardd no 27 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Disgusting situation.
major pipe burst in front of my building ward no 5 water wasting Disgusting situation.
like applied for mutation since yesterday no update Powai
basically I want TO report that commencement CERTIFICATE nto received W-16 despite approval We are very tired of this.
u see ward 28 में at the signal के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक When will this be fixed??
bhai we the residents of shivaji nagar want to say that oc application pending 3 din se shivaji nagar office
like Despite OUR previous complaints, SWM worker absent from ward 15 opposite the hospital over a FORTNIGHT
you know we the residents of ward no 6 want to say that 1 lgiht working out of 10 in wrd no 6 rest all dead Nobody is listening to us.
I mean this is to inform you that major pipe burst near the market ward no 13 water wasting
we the residents of indiranagar want to say that building permission ke liye 3 din se wait kar raha hoon indiranagar Kab tak wait karein???
to whom it may concern, cylinder blast hua near station ward 17 mein emergency
this is to inform you that aaj fir gira mai ward 10 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche Nobody is listening to us.
you know despite our previous complains, building permission ke liye since monday wait kar raha hoon wadr 39
Despite our previous COMPLAINS, W-11 में नाली बंद है for 10 days से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
basically Hello sir, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain w-5 traffic jam ho raha STILL not resolved!!!
dear mc, swm worker absent from matunga in the bylane over a fortnight Very disappointed with MC.
tbh we the residents of w-4 want to say that public toilet w-4 very dirty not cleaned 1 hafte se कब होगा काम???
you know hello sir, no streetlight wrad 46 near sector 7 theft increasing
u see pimpri में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for the past week से लंबित है
paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward 7 colour bhi change hai Nobody is listening to us.
you know 3 people in my building got dengue ward 14 pls spray STILL not resolved!!!
it's been since diwali and still stray dogs nt sterilized sion population increasing We are very tired of this.
tbh pothole in our colony ward 25 bike accident happened yesterday This has been going on too long.
hi, massive crater sized pothole near the temple w-17 sine kaafi dino se When will this be fixed??
yaar it's been since morning and still it rained and entire rood disappeared wrad no 12 only pits left
yaar We the residents of koramangala want to say that kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko koramangala mein urgent karo
hello sir, water pipe cracked ward 13 opposite the hospital road become muddy
yaar i want to report that koramangala ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Disgusting situation.
u see i want to report that ward 25 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है We are very tired of this.
Despite our previous complaints, UNAUTHORIZED BUILDING W-3 please stop
it's been snce last month and still w-5 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति snce last month से लंबित है कब होगा काम???
I mean Despite our previous complaints, dirty SMELLY water supply Andheri East SINCE the monsoon health risk
bhai We the residents of Sion want TO SAY that water pressure very low at the signal Sion since yesterday barely enough
i want to report that gaaye sadak pe khadi hain hadapsar traffic jam ho raha Kab tak wait karein???
I want to report that death certificate not issued W-7 office since the rain Very disappointed with MC.
you know hello sir, many stray dogs w-11 near d-block biting residents
like this is to inform you that roaad pe gadd hai in the lane thane bike wale girte hain STILL not resolved!!!
dirty smelly wter supply wrad no 16 3 din se health risk We are very tired of this.
sir hello sir, daily water supply disrupted thane past since morning pipeline blocked maybe
u see to whom it may concern, ward no 22 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
I mean we the residents of w-15 want to say that w-15 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है
Hi, ward no 23 ki ligh band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein Disgusting situation.
yaar this is to inform you that road tar came off since 3 days wrd no 28 only stones left
Hello sir, Hadapsar में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें STILL not resolved!!!
actually we the residents of andheri east want to say that teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya andheri east ka kuda uthane When will this be fixed??
like it's been since morning and still sion में व्यापार लाइसेंस since morning से लंबित है कब होगा काम???
basically To whom it may concern, water pressure very low at the junction Dharavi past 2 weeks barely enough
tbh i want to report that no water in wrad 31 sine the monsoon Very disappointed with MC.
my building at the SIGNAL ward 5 has no watr from since morning what TO do We are very tired of this.
u see This is to inform you that W-8 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
like hello sir, supply cut without notice w-3 from last tuesday Kab tak wait karein???
tbh respected officer, illegal building ban raha hai wadr 14 mein rok do Nobody is listening to us.
tbh hello sir, big wter leak govandi since monday nobody coming to fix We are very tired of this.
we the residents of wadala want to say that wadala में नाली बंद है from 4 days से सड़क पर गंदा पानी STILL not resolved!!!
we the residents of wardd 37 want to say that gutter bhar gaya ward 37 mein log paani mein chal rahe We are very tired of this.
you know hello sir, registered birth for 2 days but certficate not issued ward 25 Kab tak wait karein???
to whom it may concern, ward no 21 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo Disgusting situation.
I mean water not coming from tap near D-block W-12 STILL not resolved!!!
yaar paani ki problem hai kurla mein महीने भर से se nala band hogaya
tbh ROOD dug up for construction NEVER repaired WRD no 25 sinc last month STILL not resolved!!!
sir this is to inform you that footpath pe encroachment hai behind the mall ward no 29 mein Disgusting situation.
3 people in MY building GOT DENGUE W-4 please spray
like DESPITE OUR previous complaints, DEATH REGISTERED BUT certificate pending Santacruz Nobody is listening to us.
respected officer, neighbor built extra floor without permission ward 24
This is to inform you that khadda hai AT THE naka ward 18 MEIN accident hua tha KAL Please take urgent action!!!
basically This is to inform you that registered birth sinc the monsoon but certificate not issued wardd no 28 Kab tak wait karein???
basically This is to inform you that water filter getting choked daily Karol Bagh wateer very bad quality कब होगा काम???
sir registered birth past 2 weeks but certificate not issued w-18 Kab tak wait karein???
road condition pathetic ward 45 multiple potholes past 6 hours
yaar street light wire hanging loose in the lane ward no 7 shock risk STILL not resolved!!!
yaar We the residents of ward 8 want to SAY that ward 8 mein mutation nahi hua for 10 days SE APPLY kiya tha Nobody is listening to us.
yaar dear mc, rood dug up for construction never repaired matunga since diwali Disgusting situation.
urgent complaint: pipe phoot gayi wrd 27 outside my house mein paani beh raha hai STILL not resolved!!!
This is to inform you that हमारे ward 4 में over a fortnight से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
sir Hi, daily water supply disrupted ward 13 past for 10 dyas pipeline blocked maybe
to whom it may concern, people dumping garbage at the junction wardd no 6 very unhygienic STILL not resolved!!!
yaar water has weird smell and colour ward no 20 Please take urgent action!!!
you know Hello sir, no response to building permission application ward 24 for 5 days When will this be fixed??
sir Urgent complaint: mosquito breeding open drain wrd no 9 health risk This has been going on too long.
like Hi, ward 27 mein paani ka pipe for 5 day se leak ho raha hai This is ridiculous!
no public toilet w-4 near sector 7 open defecation happening
tbh respected officer, paani ki problem hai ward 49 mein since last month se nala band hogaya This has been going on too long.
urgent complaint: stray dogs noot sterilized ward 4 population increasing
HI, in THE lane ward no 10 ka kuda uthao YAAR for the past week se nahi UTHA
u see respected officer, thane से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र for the past week से नहीं मिला
sir Dear MC, ward no 18 ki LIGHT band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein कब होगा काम???
actually We the residents of ward no 14 want to say that stinking garbaage pile at the main road wadr no 14 dogs spreading it everywhere
yaar Dear MC, cylinder blast hua near the school ward 19 MEIN emergency We are very tired of this.
sir Hello sir, ward no 15 में नामांतरण over a fortnight से लंबित है कब होगा
hi, road dug up for costrution never repaired ward 32 sine 3 days
u see Dear MC, dirty smelly water supply wrad 16 for 10 DAYS health risk We are very tired of this.
u see despite our previous cmplts, building mein aag ward 1 jaldi aao We are very tired of this.
sir It's been 1 hafte se and still many stray dogs wrd 22 near the temple biting residents Very disappointed with MC.
basically Hello SIR, W-10 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया This has been going on too long.
yaar urgent complaint: public toilet ward 5 very dirty not cleaned 3 din se This is ridiculous!
yaar public toilet laxmi nagar very dirty not cleaned for the past week STILL not resolved!!!
yaar road dug up for construction never repaired ward no 24 past 2 weeks Kab tak wait karein???
u see respected officer, property tax portal down cannot pay ward no 11
sir ward 40 mein lgiht nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai Disgusting situation.
Despite our previous complaints, dustbin bhar gayi ward 12 mein khali karo PLEASE Nobody is listening to us.
cylinder blast at the signal ward 14 need immediate help
Despite our previous complaints, supply cut without notice ward 37 past 2 weeks
tbh daily water supply disrupted w-19 past since 3 days pipeline blocked maybe Nobody is listening to us.
We the residents of Wadala want to say that mutation ka koi status nahi mila Wadala ka
tbh major pipe burst outside my house shivaji nagar water wasting Very disappointed with MC.
yaar Dear MC, wrong property tax assessment W-11 property
tbh We the residents of ward no 18 WANT to say that construction waste dumped on road ward NO 18 BY builder
bhai swm worker absent from pimpri in the lane sine last night Please take urgent action!!!
basically urgent complaint: maa ka certificate chahiye ward no 12 office se for 10 days ho gaye We are very tired of this.
actually To whom it may concern, aaj bhi karol bagh mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
I want to report that hadapsar में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Nobody is listening to us.
sir building permission ke liye sinc yesterday wait kar raha hoon ward 37 This is ridiculous!
actually hello sir, oc application pending 3 din se ward 20 office
I want to REPORT that neighbor BUILT EXTRA floor without permission wadr 34 STILL not resolved!!!
actually Despite our previous complains, ward no 18 office se birth certificate nahi mila since last month se
I mean Hi, footpath pe encroachment hai at the naka ward no 6 mein
this is to inform you that wadr 28 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र for the past week से नहीं मिला
actually It's BEEN KAAFI dino se and still pipe leaking outside near THE market W-12 creating potholee also When will this be fixed??
I mean ₹25000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward no 22 When will this be fixed??
we the residents of indiranagar want to say that indiranagar में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
to whom it may concern, dog attack ward 42 near station child got bitten please help Disgusting situation.
pipe toot gayi in our colony ward 34 ke paas jaldi aao This is ridiculous!
Hi, ward no 11 ka paani smell kar RAHA hai bilkul NAHI peete
tbh Dear MC, Bandra West near station nali band hai since morning se badbu aa rahi This has been going on too long.
yaar To whom it may concern, registered birth since last month but certiifcate not issued ward 41 STILL not resolved!!!
Despite our previous complaints, baarish ke baad drain overflow wadr 35 mein roda nahi dikh raha Very disappointed with MC.
to whom it may concern, toilet always locked ward no 17 at the junction useless facility This has been going on too long.
tbh W-17 office mein PLAN submit kiya 1 hafte se reply NAHI This has been going on too long.
actually Respected officer, wrad 27 में since morning से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Disgusting situation.
like i want to report that naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward 9 ka We are very tired of this.
sir hello sir, wrd 4 at the main raod mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao This has been going on too long.
despite our previous complaints, tax notice came again even after paying w-7 Nobody is listening to us.
you know supply cut without notice andheri east from last tuesday
bhai this is to inform you that wadr no 17 में in our colony पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है Very disappointed with MC.
yaar this is to inform you that applied birth cert ward 31 since last month back no movement We are very tired of this.
you know to whom it may concern, waste not picked w-18 at plot no 45 from last tuesday piling up on road
sir Respected officer, W-17 में in our colony के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक Please take urgent action!!!
actually ward no 18 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega When will this be fixed??
basically nali choke ho gayi ward no 5 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha Kab tak wait karein???
actually It's been from 4 days AND still ward no 23 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय FROM 4 days से साफ नहीं हुआ
despite our previous complaints, dengue cases increasing malviya nagar stagnant water not removed Very disappointed with MC.
u see this is to inform you that ward no 16 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है since the monsoon से Please take urgent action!!!
road pe gadd hai at plot no 45 matunga bike wale girte hain Disgusting situation.
like dharavi office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye
bhai hello sir, gutter bhar gaya ward no 3 mein log paani mein chal rahe This has been going on too long.
I mean this is to inform you that supply cut without notice w-3 3 din se Very disappointed with MC.
you know wardd no 16 में since the monsoon से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय STILL not resolved!!!
hi, ward no 6 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं Please take urgent action!!!
paani mein mitti aa rahi hai wrad no 1 COLOUR bhi change hai
u see Urgent complaint: dengue cases increasing ward no 15 stagnant water not removed Nobody is listening to us.
it's been since last month and still 1 light working out of 10 in koramangala rest all dead कब होगा काम???
tbh potholes on main road ward 1 causing accidents since diwali This has been going on too long.
I mean to whom it may concern, mutation request pending ward 7 past 2 weeks please process
it's been past 2 weeks and still karol bagh ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete We are very tired of this.
urgent complaint: नाली से बदबू wardd 28 में for 10 days से असहनीय हो गई है We are very tired of this.
This is to inform you that ward no 8 में 3 din SE से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
bhai It's been SINC monday AND still ENTIRE ward 41 in darkness after 9pm since monday We are very tired of this.
yaar despite our previous complaints, cylinder blast near the temple wadr no 21 need immediate help Nobody is listening to us.
yaar hello sir, road dug up for costrution never repaired w-3 past 2 weeks Kab tak wait karein???
footpath pe encroachment hai in the lane ward 38 mein
Ward 46 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Very disappointed with MC.
yaar it's been since the rain and still drain blocked laxmi nagar in our colony sewage overflowing on road
respected officer, wire latki hui hai near the park shock lag sakta hai kisi ko STILL not resolved!!!
bhai Dear mc, light pole broken wrd no 7 dangerous live wire exposed
bhai I want to report that thane ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi
yaar water filter getting choked daily ward 1 water very bad quality We are very tired of this.
bhai Hello sir, नाली से बदबू Pimpri में since monday से असहनीय हो गई है When will this be fixed??
u see despite our previous complains, dharavi mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi Kab tak wait karein???
i want to report that dharavi में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for the past week से लंबित है
sir hi, construction waste dumped on road chembur by builder
tbh I want TO report that kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ANDHERI East me from 4 days se
sir This is to inform you that mosquito problem Bandra West at the main road no fogging past 6 hours Very disappointed with MC.
you know To whom it may concern, garbage wala nahi aaya wrad 30 at the main roda sinc morning se कब होगा काम???
Hello sir, W-14 में नाली बंद है for 2 days से सड़क पर गंदा पानी We are very tired of this.
To whom IT may concern, ward 10 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं Very disappointed with MC.
Hi, ward 26 में SINCE diwali से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
To whom it may concern, Dharavi mein death certficate nahi mila since monday se urgent hai Please take urgent action!!!
u see at the main road W-5 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
actually respected officer, garbage collector takes money still nto collecting chembur
actually cow sitting on MAIN road ward no 18 traffic blocked Nobody is listening to us.
Hello sir, ward 43 की सड़क की हालत खराब है since last NIGHT से मरम्मत नहीं कब होगा काम???
basically We THE RESIDENTS of wrd 39 want to say that nahi aa rha paani ward 39 mein please koi to suno
I mean Despite our previous complaints, dustbin overflowing W-10 NOT emptied 1 hafte se We are very tired of this.
actually naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward 1 ka This is ridiculous!
I mean urgent complaint: dustbin bhar gayi ward 27 mein khali karo please We are very tired of this.
Urgent complain: water pressure very low near sector 7 W-4 kaafi dino se barely enough When will this be fixed??
I mean it's been for 10 day and still w-5 में कचरा गाड़ी for 10 dyas से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है Please take urgent action!!!
ward 41 in front of my building nali band hai since the monsoon se badbu aa rahi Kab tak wait karein???
w-12 at the naka nali band hai sinc yesterday se badbu aa rahi कब होगा काम???
it's been for 10 day and still mosquito breeding open drain dharavi health risk Nobody is listening to us.
actually Hello sir, ward 31 में behind the mall पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है कब होगा काम???
dear mc, swm worker absent from chembur in the lane snce 3 days We are very tired of this.
need death certificate urgently wardd no 27 for insurance कब होगा काम???
yaar WATER supply stopped ward 15 1 hafte se residents SUFFERING badly STILL not resolved!!!
like To whom it may concern, wardd 48 में near the market के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक कब होगा काम???
It's been for 10 days and still at the naka ward 44 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Very disappointed with MC.
like it's been for 5 days and still at the corner ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward 9 mein for 5 days se This is ridiculous!
RESPECTED officer, applied trade license since 3 days ago Malviya Nagar still WAITING कब होगा काम???
you know it's been snce the rain and still supply cut without notice ward 27 since the rain
sir It's been since yesterday and still Mulund में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
u see We the residents of wrad 29 want TO say that ward 29 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi कब होगा काम???
u see i want to report that new trade license nt processed ward 4 since the monsoon
yaar RESPECTED officer, PIPE leaking outside in the bylane BORIVALI creating pothole also
sir To whom it may concern, wadr no 23 में नाली बंद है from last TUESDAY से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
tbh my area wrd no 17 has not seen garbage van since past 2 weeks Very disappointed with MC.
despite our previous complaints, safai nahi ho rahi ward 1 from last tuesday se kachra uthao na When will this be fixed??
drain blocked ward 43 at the signal sewage overflowing on road This is ridiculous!
hi, public toilet ward 46 very dirty nto cleaned since last night कब होगा काम???
This is to inform you that online property tax payment failed amount ₹12000 deducted sion Disgusting situation.
despite our previous complaints, wrd no 28 की सड़क की हालत खराब है since monday से मरम्मत नहीं Kab tak wait karein???
u see ward no 3 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi
tbh respected officer, paid ₹12000 property tax but still showing dues dharavi STILL not resolved!!!
sir This is to inform you that cylinder blast in front of my building Wadala need immediate help कब होगा काम???
you know this is to inform you that light pole broken ward no 21 dangerous live wire exposed
bhai Property mutation not done ward 47 applied for 10 days ago
yaar this is to inform you that bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward 48 mein from 4 days lag gaye We are very tired of this.
bhai dear mc, my building in the bylane indiranagar has no water from 1 hafte se what to do
THIS IS to inform you that ANDHERI East mein PAANI band hai from 4 day se log taras rahe HAIN
We the residents of WARD no 16 want to say that tax notice CAME again even after paying ward no 16 Disgusting situation.
sir it's been since last night and still no wator since since last night in indiranagar when will tanker come Nobody is listening to us.
you know dharavi outside my house nali band hai from 4 days se badbu aa rahi Nobody is listening to us.
sir we the residents of w-14 want to say that light pole broken w-14 dangerous live wire exposed This has been going on too long.
despite our previous complaints, water looks muddy w-7 near d-block past 6 hours Please take urgent action!!!
you know ward 4 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक STILL not resolved!!!
Hello sir, water FILTER GETTING choked daily ward 27 wateer very bad quality
yaar pimpri में व्यापार लाइसेंस since morning से लंबित है
garbage truck not coming ward no 15 past 2 weeks Disgusting situation.
like urgnt complaint: KACHRA gaadi aayi hi nahi W-16 me 3 din se se We are very tired of this.
basically maa ka certificate chahiye ward 22 office se महीने भर से ho gaye
I mean hello sir, ward no 4 outside my house mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
like i want to report that road full of potholes ward 15 since last month vehicles getting damaged
actually We the residents of Malviya Nagar want to say that applied trade license from last tuesday ago Malviya Nagar still waiting Kab tak wait karein???
yaar we r not getting wateer ward 34 4 past 6 hours wat is happening Nobody is listening to us.
sir ward no 11 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
bhai ward 9 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं Please take urgent action!!!
tbh Hi, wadr no 19 में कचरा गाड़ी for 2 days से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
sir despite our previous complaints, w-10 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है
u see ward 25 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है कब होगा काम???
yaar dear mc, ward 6 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
bhai Despite OUR previous cmplts, death registered but certificate pending Koramangala Please take urgent action!!!
u see Respected officer, wter filter getting choked daily wardd 18 watr very bad quality
u see hello sir, light pole broken ward no 17 dangerous live wire exposed Disgusting situation.
actually toilet broken and stinking W-10 nobody cleaning STILL not resolved!!!
actually paani ki bohot PROBLEM hai at THE junction mein wardd 13 ke andar When will this be fixed??
you know it's been snce 3 days and still building permission ke liye since 3 day wait kar raha hoon ward 4
tbh this is to inform you that gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward no 5 traffic jam ho raha कब होगा काम???
actually respected officer, no water in ward no 14 since 3 dayz
actually gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward 14 traffic jam ho raha We are very tired of this.
i want to report that road repair karo indiranagar mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar STILL not resolved!!!
sir tax notice aaya HAI ward 24 ka lekin payment ho chuki
sir hello sir, many stray dogs ward no 29 in the bylane biting residents Disgusting situation.
I mean This is to inform you that no water in ward 32 over a fortnight
you know hi, aaj fir gira mai w-14 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche This has been going on too long.
to whom it may concern, street light toot gayi behind the mall indiranagar since the monsoon se
I mean respected officer, big wter leak ward 16 since last night nobody coming to fix
you know This is to inform you that toilet always locked Laxmi Nagar at the main road useless facility
tbh hi, construction waste dumped on road w-2 by builder Disgusting situation.
bhai urgent complain: property tax portal down cannot pay w-9 Nobody is listening to us.
sir i want to report that stinking garbage pile near the market ward 11 dogs spreading it everywhere This is ridiculous!
Laxmi Nagar office mein plan SUBMIT kiya since LAST night reply nahi This is ridiculous!
I mean no water in bandra west sine yesterday Please take urgent action!!!
like it's been since the rain and still street light wire hanging loose near the park kurla shock risk Very disappointed with MC.
you know hello sir, aaj bhi ward 34 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo Very disappointed with MC.
actually Hi, naam galat likha hai certificate mein W-12 ka This is ridiculous!
we the residents of hadapsar want to say that hadapsar में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक Please take urgent action!!!
tbh w-11 में at the main road के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक This has been going on too long.
bhai respected officer, गड्ढे की वजह से ward 1 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Kab tak wait karein???
I mean hi, tax notice aaya hai ward no 16 ka lekin payment ho chuki Disgusting situation.
actually hi, safai nahi ho rahi ward 28 from last tuesday se kachra uthao na This is ridiculous!
bhai To whom it may concern, applied trade license for the past week ago w-15 still waiting Very disappointed with MC.
THANE में near the school अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
yaar W-19 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र for the past week से नहीं मिला कब होगा काम???
u see dear mc, w-8 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं कब होगा काम???
I mean indiranagar में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली This is ridiculous!
basically It's been past 6 hours AND still kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche KO WARD 34 mein urgent karo When will this be fixed??
tbh it's been past 2 weeks and still wire latki hui hai outside my house shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
u see wardd 31 mein paani band hai SINCE LAST NIGHT se log taras rahe hain
sir hello sir, birth certificate not received matunga office for 10 days Very disappointed with MC.
bhai respected officer, ward no 8 near the market में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Kab tak wait karein???
bhai at the main road ward 4 ka kuda uthao yaar over a fortnight se nahi utha Nobody is listening to us.
sir nullah blocked W-15 mosquito breeding happening When will this be fixed??
actually Respected OFFICER, nullah BLOCKED ward 46 MOSQUITO breeding happening Please take urgent action!!!
you know to whom it may concern, w-5 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Very disappointed with MC.
ward 11 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Kab tak wait karein???
mulund में near the temple अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है Nobody is listening to us.
like it's been for 10 days and still ward no 1 at the naka nali band hai for 10 days se badbu aa rahi कब होगा काम???
tbh We the residents of wrad 17 want to say that ward 17 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है STILL not resolved!!!
you know hi, tax notice came again even after paying ward 8 कब होगा काम???
you know urgent complaint: fire noc required ward 36 not getting it
hello sir, stray cattle blocking roda ward no 7 for the past week This is ridiculous!
hi, manhole cover missing near sector 7 sion someone will fall We are very tired of this.
basically stray cattle blocking roaad w-10 past 6 hours Disgusting situation.
tbh raat ko constraction chal raha tha kurla bina permission This is ridiculous!
like It's been महीने भर से and still ward 28 में outside my house पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है Nobody is listening to us.
actually urgent complaint: ward 16 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
like To whom it MAY CONCERN, NULLAH blocked ward 38 mosquito breeding happening This is ridiculous!
Hello sir, POTHOLE at the corner wadr 17 bike ACCIDENT HAPPENED yesterday When will this be fixed??
It's been since monday and still ward 39 में नामांतरण since monday से लंबित है कब होगा
tbh Respected officer, no STREETLIGHT WADR 43 NEAR the SCHOOL theft increasing
wator pressure very low at the naka w-1 for 10 days barely enough
waterlogging after rain ward no 13 mosquito PROBLEM GETTING worse STILL not resolved!!!
we the residents of ward 37 want to say that municiple tanker not coming to ward 37 sinc the rain This has been going on too long.
sir we the residents of ward no 25 want to say that street light not working ward no 25 in our colony महीने भर से very dark at night
actually we the residents of ward no 9 want to say that major pipe burst at the naka wrd no 9 water wasting Very disappointed with MC.
basically to whom it may concern, water looks muddy w-15 in our colony snce the rain Nobody is listening to us.
actually hi, builder started work at night wardd no 29 at the naka no permission
sir urgent complaint: pipe leaking outside outside my house ward no 6 creating pothole also
Hello sir, ward 24 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
it's been for 5 days and still aaj fir gira mai ward no 15 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche Nobody is listening to us.
u see Hi, wadr 8 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe
Hi, गड्ढे की वजह से wadr 33 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
bhai urgent complain: meri beti ko dengue hua w-12 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
to whom it may concern, w-17 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Very disappointed with MC.
To whom it may concern, borivali near the temple mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi Please take urgent action!!!
u see respected officer, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko wrad 49 mein urgent karo
actually teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward 35 ka kuda uthane
toilet always locked Hadapsar in front of my building useless facility
i want to report that no streetlight w-3 at plot no 45 theft increasing Please take urgent action!!!
sir it's been since monday and still ward 27 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Kab tak wait karein???
like gutter overflow ward 14 PEOPLE walking IN waste WATER Nobody is listening to us.
like Despite our previous complaints, kab aayega paani ward 31 mein itna wait kar rahe hain
aaj fir GIRA mai wardd 23 ke KHADDE mein SCOOTER le gaya NEECHE
u see To whom it may concern, ward 31 ka property TAX bhar diya receipt nahi mili
fire at building borivali behind the mall plz send fire engine
respected officer, correction needed birth certiifcate ward no 21 wrong name spelled
urgent complaint: huge potholes at plot no 45 ward 21 very dangerous This has been going on too long.
basically i want to report that wardd no 22 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय past 2 weeks से साफ नहीं हुआ
yaar no response to building permission application wadr no 28 since monday कब होगा काम???
sir paani ki problem hai matunga mein for 5 days se nala band hogaya Kab tak wait karein???
sewage smell unbearable ward 27 for 2 day kids cant go to school When will this be fixed??
despite our previous complaints, we called the garbage number 3 times wardd 13 no response
actually It's been from last tuesday and still Santacruz का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें Disgusting situation.
actually hi, kachra nahi utha vile parle mein for 2 dyas se bahut badbu
building mein AAG KORAMANGALA jaldi aao STILL not resolved!!!
sir it's been for 5 days and still ward 21 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति for 5 days से बाधित है कब होगा काम???
yaar urgent complaint: water from tap wrd 32 yellow coloured not drinkable
sir hi, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain w-11 traffic jam ho raha
Hi, ward no 16 में नामांतरण past 2 weeks से लंबित है कब होगा
I mean hi, laxmi nagar mein ligh nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
tbh despite our previous complaints, thane में मच्छरों की समस्या since monday से है
like ward no 25 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
I mean I want to REPORT that nahi aa rha paani W-18 MEIN pls koi to SUNO
actually wadr 18 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं Very disappointed with MC.
yaar hi, cylinder blast hua outside my house powai mein emergency
actually I want to report that wrad no 7 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain since morning se bahut takleef We are very tired of this.
ward no 7 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
you know To whom it may concern, garbage lying on raod Borivali past 2 weeks disease risk We are very tired of this.
like hello sir, open manhole behind the mall ward no 16 very dangerous especially at night
tbh hello sir, trade license ke liye over a fortnight se wait kar raha hoon ward no 14 When will this be fixed??
u see to whom it may concern, need death certificate urgently ward no 2 for insurance This is ridiculous!
urgent cmplt: neighbor built extra floor without permission bandra west STILL not resolved!!!
yaar Despite our previous complaints, toilet gandy hai near the park w-5 for the past week se safai karo Please take urgent action!!!
tbh despite our previous complaints, water has weird smell and colour ward no 14 Disgusting situation.
like wrd no 7 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है
u see despite our previous complaints, need death certificate urgently dharavi for insurance This has been going on too long.
basically garbage COLLECTOR takes MONEY still nt collecting wardd no 8
It's been kaafi dino SE and still water noot coming from tap AT the junction ward no 4 Please take urgent action!!!
u see hi, supply cut without notice wrd no 2 since diwali
bhai Dear MC, PIPE leaking WARD 20 AT the main road roda FLOODED This is ridiculous!
urgent complain: drain blocked matunga near the temple sewage overflowing on road This is ridiculous!
u see entire footpath occupied by shop near the school w-7 past 2 weeks
bhai it's been 3 din se and still meri beti ko dengue hua wrd 48 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua When will this be fixed??
Urgent complaint: ward no 23 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Please take urgent action!!!
sir hi, w-11 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें Very disappointed with MC.
pack of DOGS chasing PEOPLE W-3 very scary When will this be fixed??
yaar It's been past 6 hours and still open manhole near the temple POWAI very dangerous especially at night This is ridiculous!
tbh drainage overflow during rain w-17 flooding streets
I WANT TO report that encroachment ON FOOTPATH near the park ward no 15 pedestrians cant walk
ward no 16 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete कब होगा काम???
Hi, 1 light working out of 10 in wrad 35 rest ALL dead This has been going on too long.
actually to whom it may concern, death registered but certificate pending dharavi Kab tak wait karein???
like we the residents of ward 12 want to say that illegal building ban raha hai ward 12 mein rok do Kab tak wait karein???
like We the residents of Thane want to say that building permission ke liye since 3 days wait kar raha hoon Thane Disgusting situation.
like W-15 में स्ट्रीट लाइट from last tuesday से बंद है रात में अंधेरा Very disappointed with MC.
you know To whom it may concern, people dumping garbge in the lane wadr no 15 very unhygienic Kab tak wait karein???
Paani ki problem hai wadr 7 mein over a fortnight se nala band hogaya
sir I want to report that open manhole opposite the hospital ward no 22 very dangerous especially at night We are very tired of this.
tbh tap is dry wardd 24 sinc 3 dayz plz check the pipeline STILL not resolved!!!
this is to inform you that gutter overflow ward no 27 people walking in waste water कब होगा काम???
tbh hello sir, tap is dry vile parle since last month plese check the pipeline This has been going on too long.
basically To whom it may concern, we called the garbage number 3 times wrad 33 no response We are very tired of this.
This is to inform you that at the corner ward 49 ka kuda uthao yaar since the rain se nahi utha When will this be fixed??
you know hello sir, waste nto picked santacruz near station since yesterday piling up on raod Disgusting situation.
like toilet gandy hai in front of my building ward no 20 sine last night se safai karo STILL not resolved!!!
actually Respected officer, Chembur IN THE bylane bina permission construction ho raha HAI This is ridiculous!
u see it's been from 4 days and still aaj bhi ward no 19 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo We are very tired of this.
bhai hi, ward 23 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली This is ridiculous!
yaar this is to inform you that neighbor built extra floor without permission ward 41 We are very tired of this.
like dear mc, garbage truck not coming wardd no 3 from 4 days Very disappointed with MC.
I want to report that mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgnt chahiye paani W-7 Please take urgent action!!!
u see It's been since 3 days and still mutation request pending ward 16 since 3 days please process Kab tak wait karein???
Respected officer, construction waste dumped on ROAD ward NO 11 by builder Very disappointed with MC.
basically It's BEEN since the rain and still Dharavi mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo When will this be fixed??
I want to REPORT that Vile Parle में in our colony के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक
basically brown water coming ward no 1 children getting sick
KAB aayega paani wardd no 5 mein itna wait kar rahe hain We are very tired of this.
I want to report that ward no 2 में at the corner अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है Very disappointed with MC.
u see It's been past 2 weeks and still fire noc required ward 44 nt getting it
like DEAR MC, FIRE broke out outside my HOUSE ward 22 fire brigade delayed Nobody is listening to us.
bhai नाली से बदबू wrad 47 में 3 din se से असहनीय हो गई है Please take urgent action!!!
yaar main pipeline burst w-8 water gushing out since monday Very disappointed with MC.
I mean despite our previous complaints, tax notice aaya hai ward no 7 ka lekin payment ho chuki We are very tired of this.
to whom it may concern, koramangala में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं This has been going on too long.
bhai registered birth since yesterday but certiifcate nto issued W-11 Kab tak wait karein???
actually ward NO 14 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है for the past week से
u see to whom it may concern, naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward 2 ka Disgusting situation.
I mean urgent complaint: ward no 23 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
Hello sir, death certifcate not issued wadr no 5 office kaafi dino se We are very tired of this.
like To whom it may concern, stinking garbage pile in our colony ward 41 dogs spreading it everywhere STILL not resolved!!!
you know Hello sir, wardd no 21 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua 3 din se se Disgusting situation.
yaar we r nt getting water vile parle 4 for 2 days wat is happening Please take urgent action!!!
bhai despite our previous complains, aaj bhi ward 8 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
bhai builder ne maal at the corner wrd no 16 road pe daal diya hata do
yaar hi, property tax portal down cannot pay ward no 4 Nobody is listening to us.
you know urgent complaint: wateer looks muddy matunga at the naka 3 din se
yaar dear mc, no water in sion for 5 days When will this be fixed??
sir hi, dustbin bhar gayi ward 37 mein khali karo plz कब होगा काम???
it's been over a fortnight and still my scooter fell in pothole ward 40 opposite the hospital i got hurt This is ridiculous!
actually open manhole behind the mall ward 14 very dangerous especially at night
tbh at the JUNCTION ka footpath dukan NE GHEER liya ward no 6 mein over a fortnight se This has been going on too long.
Respected officer, ward 49 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua since diwali se Kab tak wait karein???
basically indiranagar में व्यापार लाइसेंस since last night से लंबित है
actually to whom it may concern, mosquito problem ward 14 at the signal no fogging past 2 weeks Nobody is listening to us.
Urgent complaint: my area ward 6 has not seen garbage van since for 10 days Nobody is listening to us.
like hi, hadapsar ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein Please take urgent action!!!
yaar it's been since last night and still birth certificate not received ward no 25 office sinc last night Please take urgent action!!!
actually Despite our previous complaints, पड़ोसी ने W-18 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली
bhai manhole cover missing in the lane karol bagh someone will fall We are very tired of this.
it's been since yesterday and still ward 15 में नामांतरण snce yesterday से लंबित है कब होगा
Despite our previous complaints, paid property tax ward 7 but receipt not received STILL not resolved!!!
u see we the residents of wadr no 11 want to say that ward no 11 में near the market पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
basically this is to inform you that massive crater sized phole at the signal ward 49 since for 10 days We are very tired of this.
online proprty tax payment failed amount ₹3500 deducted wardd no 7 This has been going on too long.
you know Hi, ward 1 office se birth certiifcate nahi mila sinc yesterday se Please take urgent action!!!
we the residents of wardd 5 want to say that wadr 5 में sine yesterday से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय When will this be fixed??
sir i want to report that stray cattle blocking road ward 29 for 5 days
sir respected officer, ward 31 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe When will this be fixed??
you know we the residents of ward 3 want to say that cow sitting on main road ward 3 traffic blocked
you know to whom it may concern, laxmi nagar में भवन निर्माण अनुमति sinc last month से लंबित है Nobody is listening to us.
Hi, waste not picked ward 29 near station for 10 days piling up on road Very disappointed with MC.
hi, many stray dogs ward 7 at the naka biting residents Disgusting situation.
we the residents of ward 21 want to say that fire at building ward 21 behind the mall pls send fire engine Very disappointed with MC.
bhai drian choked wadr 25 since morning foul smell health hazard Kab tak wait karein???
like toilet gandy hai opposite THE HOSPITAL ward no 27 sinc last month se safai karo Very disappointed with MC.
Hello sir, wadr 46 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
u see to whom it may concern, wadr 49 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye Nobody is listening to us.
you know hi, dirty smelly water supply w-3 for 5 dyas health risk
tbh to whom it may concern, ward no 6 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
yaar Hello sir, ward 40 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain since the rain se bahut takleef Disgusting situation.
water from tap Dharavi yellow coloured nt drinkable
i want to report that drian blocked wrad 8 at the junction sewage overflowing on roaad
it's been for 10 days and still raat ko construction chal raha tha ward 15 bina permission
it's been from 4 day and still mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani w-4 Very disappointed with MC.
like hi, garbage collector takes money still not collecting indiranagar कब होगा काम???
tbh my scooter fell in pothole wrad 24 in our colony i got hurt Disgusting situation.
tbh ligth pole broken thane dangerous live wire exposed
no response TO building permission application Mulund since morning Please take urgent action!!!
wadala mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi This is ridiculous!
respected officer, wire latki hui hai in the bylane shock lag sakta hai kisi ko We are very tired of this.
कचरेवाले को बुलाया WARD NO 7 में पर कोई नहीं आया Disgusting situation.
This is TO inform you that street light toot gayi in our colony Hadapsar past 6 hours se
sir it's been since the monsoon and still mutation request pending w-14 since the monsoon please process Please take urgent action!!!
like To whom it may concern, mosquito breeding open drain kurla health risk This is ridiculous!
I mean we the residents of ward 45 want to say that applied trade license 3 din se ago wrd 45 still waiting कब होगा काम???
I mean this is to inform you that kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko andheri east mein urgent karo Nobody is listening to us.
hello sir, tax notice aaya hai ward no 24 ka lekin payment ho chuki Please take urgent action!!!
like respected officer, toilet broken and stinking ward 20 nobody cleaning When will this be fixed??
bhai it's been since last night and still waterlogging after rain ward no 14 mosquito problem getting worse STILL not resolved!!!
tbh It's been from last tuesday and still my SCOOTER fell in phole W-16 at the junction I got HURT This has been going on too long.
actually We the residents of ward 24 want to say that water filter getting choked daily ward 24 wateer very bad quality
basically Urgent cmplt: WRONG PROPERTY tax assessment ward no 20 property When will this be fixed??
sir dear mc, online property tax payment failed amount some amount deducted sion This has been going on too long.
actually hello sir, w-13 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Please take urgent action!!!
Hello sir, construction waste dumped on raod W-9 by builder Please take urgent action!!!
tbh it's been since 3 days and still need death certificate urgently wardd 3 for insurance
death registered but certificate pending ward 16 When will this be fixed??
you know paani ki problem hai ward no 3 mein महीने भर से se nala band hogaya We are very tired of this.
death registered but certficate pending ward no 10 This has been going on too long.
sir paani ki problem hai ward 33 mein महीने भर से se nala band hogaya
Many stray dogs w-7 near the park biting residents Very disappointed with MC.
To whom it may concern, पड़ोसी ने ward no 12 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली
u see To whom it may CONCERN, LGIHT pole broken Santacruz dangerous live wire exposed Please take urgent action!!!
u see Dear mc, pipe phoot gayi w-18 at the corner mein paani beh raha hai When will this be fixed??
bhai oc application pending from last tuesday ward 13 office
to whom it may concern, building plan submitted santacruz for 10 days no response
actually This is to inform you that ward 45 at the naka mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi Kab tak wait karein???
u see road dug up for construction never repaired wrad 10 3 din se We are very tired of this.
bhai ward no 18 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया This is ridiculous!
To WHOM it may concern, fire at building ward 37 at THE signal please SEND fire engine Very disappointed with MC.
I want to report that ward 35 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Very disappointed with MC.
basically this is to inform you that death certificate not issued kurla office over a fortnight Nobody is listening to us.
u see We the residents of ward 34 want to say that open manhole at plot no 45 ward 34 very dangerous especially at night
u see Dear mc, no water in ward no 12 for 10 days Disgusting situation.
you know it's been from 4 day and still shivaji nagar ka proerty tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
actually Hi, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward no 14 mein urgent karo This has been going on too long.
I WANT TO report that ward no 11 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं कब होगा काम???
urgent complaint: baarish ke baad drain overflow wrd no 26 mein road nahi dikh raha
I want to REPORT that ward NO 18 में स्ट्रीट लाइट for 10 days से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
sir garbage not collected ward 29 महीने भर से unbearable smell Disgusting situation.
sir it's been over a fortnight and still tap is dry ward no 9 over a fortnight please check the pipeline
Hello sir, ward no 2 में मच्छरों की समस्या over a fortnight से है We are very tired of this.
basically manhole open hai at the corner koi gir jayega plz cover lagao
Hello sir, ward 15 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र 3 din se से नहीं मिला Very disappointed with MC.
I mean Despite our previous complaints, ward 44 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं Very disappointed with MC.
u see to whom it may concern, builder ne maal at plot no 45 w-13 road pe daal diya hata do
yaar Urgnt complaint: cow sitting on main road wrd 16 traffic blocked
u see thane mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai This is ridiculous!
actually To whom it may concern, ₹25000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 49 Nobody is listening to us.
to whom it may concern, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward 21 ka kuda uthane This is ridiculous!
dear mc, 3 people in my building got dengue ward no 17 plese spray STILL not resolved!!!
yaar to whom it may concern, pipe toot gayi near sector 7 w-16 ke paas jaldi aao Kab tak wait karein???
Despite our previous complaints, mosquito breeding open drain mulund health risk
you know online proprty tax payment failed amount ₹12000 deducted ward 11 Kab tak wait karein???
yaar This is to inform you that footpath pe ENCROACHMENT hai NEAR D-block ward 10 mein
bhai hello sir, गड्ढे की वजह से ward 20 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा This has been going on too long.
to whom it may concern, ₹12000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 7
basically it's been since last month and still road full of potholes ward 42 sinc last month vehicles getting damaged This is ridiculous!
like This is to inform you that water looks muddy wadr 1 near d-block since yesterday
u see Hi, gutter bhar GAYA ward NO 22 mein log paani mein chal rahe
this is to inform you that fire noc required hadapsar not getting it Very disappointed with MC.
aaj fir gira mai ward no 20 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche This has been going on too long.
Despite our previous complains, sewage smell unbearable Borivali since last night kids cant go TO SCHOOL
basically ward no 27 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega This is ridiculous!
actually despite our previous complaints, trade license renewal pending snce monday shop w-18 This has been going on too long.
i want to report that pipe leaking outside near the park karol bagh creating pot hole also STILL not resolved!!!
basically Dear MC, mosquito problem wrd 16 at the corner no fogging for the past week Please take urgent action!!!
you know Hello sir, W-10 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
like i want to report that builder ne maal outside my house ward no 13 roda pe daal diya hata do Disgusting situation.
basically dustbin OVERFLOWING ward 48 not emptied for the past week
my shop has no license because ward 6 office nto responding
u see my area Chembur has not seen garbaage van since over a fortnight
actually wardd 22 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक STILL not resolved!!!
I mean i want to report that no water in ward 21 since the rain Nobody is listening to us.
sir urgent complaint: major pipe burst at plot no 45 ward no 3 water wasting Nobody is listening to us.
bhai i want to report that wrong property tax assessment ward no 25 property
actually ward 22 की सड़क की हालत खराब है for 10 days से मरम्मत नहीं When will this be fixed??
MAA ka certifcate chahiye ward 13 office se from last TUESDAY ho GAYE This is ridiculous!
like hi, w-19 near the park bina permission constuction ho raha hai We are very tired of this.
it's been sine morning and still ward 14 में स्ट्रीट लाइट since morning से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
Respected officer, water has weird smell and colour ward 11 Please take urgent action!!!
basically to whom it may concern, dharavi में स्ट्रीट लाइट over a fortnight से बंद है रात में अंधेरा Please take urgent action!!!
yaar Despite our previous complaints, unauthorized building ward no 3 please stop Disgusting situation.
It's been for 10 dyas and still wire latki hui hai at THE SIGNAL shock lag sakta hai kisi ko This has been going on too long.
I mean despite our previous complaints, wrong property tax assessment ward 11 property
basically we the residents of wrd 44 want to say that wardd 44 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है Disgusting situation.
tbh Despite our previous cmplts, applied for mutation for 5 days no update Mulund
THIS is to inform you that W-3 में IN front of my building कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध STILL not resolved!!!
tbh To whom it may concern, applied for mutation for 5 days no update ward no 12
wrd no 5 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
actually Hi, waste noot picked Hadapsar near the park past 2 weeks piling up on rood Kab tak wait karein???
you know Hello sir, road dug up for construction never repaired ward 7 kaafi dino se This has been going on too long.
I mean Hello sir, KACHRA gaadi aayi hi NAHI ward 14 me 1 hafte SE se Nobody is listening to us.
tbh i want to report that small fire wadala at the junction before it spreads pls come We are very tired of this.
It's been since the rain and still municiple tanker nt coming to ward 17 since the rain
sir i want to report that new trade license noot processed shivaji nagar kaafi dino se When will this be fixed??
you know Sion office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye
Govandi in front of my building mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
sir ward 19 में at plot no 45 पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है We are very tired of this.
you know ward 48 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Kab tak wait karein???
sir Dear MC, Indiranagar in our colony bina PERMISSION construction ho RAHA hai Nobody is listening to us.
you know To whom it may concern, public toilet w-11 very dirty not cleaned since the monsoon Kab tak wait karein???
this is to inform you that ward 45 में near station अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है STILL not resolved!!!
this is to inform you that gutter bhar gaya ward 12 mein log paani mein chal rahe Nobody is listening to us.
yaar street light not working ward 35 near station for 10 days very dark at night कब होगा काम???
pothole outside my house wardd 36 bike accident happened yesterday Very disappointed with MC.
Respected officer, water pressure very low behind the mall ward no 19 from 4 days barely enough This is ridiculous!
actually We r not getting watr ward no 14 4 for 5 days wat is happening This has been going on too long.
it's been since last month and still water leakage at the junction vile parle huge wastage please fix
u see building plan submitted w-5 for the past week no response Very disappointed with MC.
basically We the residents of W-7 want to say that my scooter fell in pothole W-7 near sector 7 i got hurt
you know I want to report that online payment fail ho gayi ward 6 mein paise KAT GAYE Kab tak wait karein???
u see Karol Bagh में मच्छरों की समस्या since yesterday से है
u see it's been 3 din se and still bhai ward 32 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo STILL not resolved!!!
hi, oc application pending from 4 days ward 13 office Nobody is listening to us.
u see roda repair karo malviya nagar mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
sir Hello sir, maa ka certificate chahiye ward 9 office se sinc 3 dyas ho gaye When will this be fixed??
basically we the residents of wardd no 19 want to say that ward no 19 at the junction mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi कब होगा काम???
sir urgnt complaint: road condition pathetic w-14 multiple potholes since diwali
Hello sir, wrad 17 में मच्छरों की समस्या since monday से है STILL not resolved!!!
massive crater sized phole near the market andheri east sinc 1 hafte se Kab tak wait karein???
sir Respected officer, aaj fir gira mai ward 36 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche Nobody is listening to us.
sir to whom it may concern, govandi office se birth certificate nahi mila for 2 days se
to whom it may concern, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya wadr 10 ka kuda uthane Very disappointed with MC.
tbh bacche ka certiifcate nahi bana wadr 27 mein sinc yesterday lag gaye Very disappointed with MC.
I mean This is to inform you that small fire THANE in THE bylane before it spreads please come We are very tired of this.
basically Hi, people dumping garbage near the school kurla very unhygienic This has been going on too long.
tbh To whom it may concern, pipe phoot gayi ward 31 outside my house mein paani beh raha hai कब होगा काम???
it's been from last tuesday and still registered birth from last tuesday but certificate not issued wrd 2 STILL not resolved!!!
I want TO report that muicipal tanker nto coming to Bandra West FOR 2 DAYS This has been going on too long.
u see hello sir, my scooter fell in pothole ward 39 at the corner i got hurt Disgusting situation.
yaar Hi, w-11 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
I mean Respected officer, drainage overflow during rain ward no 22 flooding streets STILL not resolved!!!
tbh despite our previous complains, maa ka certificate chahiye ward 4 office se from 4 days ho gaye Please take urgent action!!!
to whom it may concern, tax notice aaya hai ward 15 ka lekin payment ho chuki When will this be fixed??
Hi, entire Malviya Nagar in darkness after 9PM kaafi DINO se कब होगा काम???
bhai dear mc, w-8 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Kab tak wait karein???
yaar hi, wrad 10 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Very disappointed with MC.
like neighbor built extra floor without permission santacruz
sir hi, toilet gandy hai in the lane w-19 from 4 dyas se safai karo We are very tired of this.
sir wardd 43 mein paani band hai since the monsoon se log taras rahe hain STILL not resolved!!!
1 light working out of 10 in shivaji nagar rest all dead When will this be fixed??
u see to whom it may concern, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward 8 में 3 din se से
sir We the residents of wrd 39 want to say that wire latki hui hai near the market shock lag sakta hai kisi ko STILL not resolved!!!
to whom it may concern, mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani wadr no 10 Nobody is listening to us.
actually Urgent complaint: near station powai mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
sir To whom it may concern, ward 48 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega
water from tap Pimpri yellow coloured not drinkable This has been going on too long.
sir Urgnt complaint: brown wter coming ward 39 children getting sick
you know respected officer, sewage smell unbearable ward 47 past 6 hours kids cant go to school STILL not resolved!!!
actually to whom it may concern, wter supply stopped ward 24 since last month residents suffering badly
despite our previous cmplts, mosquito breeding open drain pimpri health risk कब होगा काम???
like respected officer, ward 20 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें Kab tak wait karein???
tbh respected officer, ward 16 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
wadr no 17 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें Very disappointed with MC.
actually Illegal dump near the market wrad 49 flies mosquitoes everywhere Very disappointed with MC.
you know It's been for 2 days and still ward 28 में for 2 days से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। When will this be fixed??
like birth certificate nt received wrad no 7 office sinc monday We are very tired of this.
u see urgent cmplt: fire noc required wrad no 19 nt getting it When will this be fixed??
sir Swm worker absent from ward 14 in front of my building sine the monsoon
hello sir, ward 29 mein mutation nahi hua महीने भर से se apply kiya tha Kab tak wait karein???
this is to inform you that big water leak dharavi kaafi dino se nobody coming to fix Kab tak wait karein???
basically To whom it may concern, toilet broken and stinking w-3 nobody cleaning
We the residents of ward 11 want to say that wardd 11 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है
u see Hi, big water leak W-10 for the past week nobody coming to fix
no water in ward no 15 since LAST month We are very tired of this.
I mean ₹3500 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward no 7 Please take urgent action!!!
i want to report that kab aayega paani malviya nagar mein itna wait kar rahe hain STILL not resolved!!!
u see I want to report that ward no 22 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
sir this is to inform you that entire pimpri in darkness after 9pm since the rain
We the residents of wrd 9 want to say that baarish ke baad drainn overflow ward 9 mein road nahi dikh raha When will this be fixed??
bandra west में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
sir We the residents of ward no 29 want to say that raod tar came off since last month ward no 29 only stones left When will this be fixed??
yaar Respected officer, water filter getting choked daily ward 26 water very bad quality Please take urgent action!!!
u see i want to report that paani ki problem hai w-19 mein snce yesterday se nala band hogaya
u see urgent complaint: wrad no 10 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye When will this be fixed??
actually drainage overflow during rain ward no 17 flooding streets
I want to report that small fire VILE Parle in our colony before it spreads pls come
basically My area wardd 5 has nto seen garbage van since for 5 days कब होगा काम???
dear mc, ward 31 में snce morning से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
I mean to whom it may concern, grabage collector takes money still not collecting ward 3
tbh it's been for 5 days and still w-8 mein paani ka pipe for 5 days se leak ho raha hai This is ridiculous!
I mean Hi, swm worker absent from ward no 2 near THE PARK over a fortnight
actually respected officer, roda tar came off snce last month ward no 16 only stones left STILL not resolved!!!
yaar 3 people in my building got dengue wardd no 19 pls spray Kab tak wait karein???
basically Hello sir, street ligt nto working ward 23 at the junction since morning very dark at night Please take urgent action!!!
IT'S been for 5 days and still BHAI wrad 22 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo Disgusting situation.
like it's been from last tuesday and still we called the garbage number 3 times ward 9 no response Nobody is listening to us.
to whom it may concern, building plan submitted ward no 22 since 3 days no response
Dear MC, it rained and entire roaad disappeared WARD 9 only pits LEFT कब होगा काम???
We the residents of w-1 want to say that w-1 में नाली बंद है 3 din se से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
u see dear mc, baarish ke baad drainn overflow wadr no 16 mein road nahi dikh raha This is ridiculous!
you know people dumping garbage at the main road W-13 very unhygienic
to whom it may concern, online payment fail ho gayi w-13 mein paise kat gaye Kab tak wait karein???
yaar This is to inform YOU that maa KA CERTIFICATE CHAHIYE W-13 office se sine diwali ho gaye
like hello sir, गड्ढे की वजह से ward 14 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Disgusting situation.
yaar RESPECTED officer, नाली से बदबू W-5 में since MONDAY से असहनीय हो गई है
actually we the residents of ward no 1 want to say that major pipe burst near station ward no 1 water wasting
it's been from 4 days and still dengue cases increasing ward 22 stagnant wator not removed When will this be fixed??
u see Despite OUR previous cmplts, GARBAGE lying on road ward no 22 PAST 2 weeks disease risk
Urgent complaint: maa ka certificate chahiye bandra west office se past 6 hours ho gaye When will this be fixed??
Despite our previous complaints, roda full of potholes wadr no 6 kaafi dino se vehicles getting damaged
tbh This is to inform you that tax demand notice for wardd no 6 but payment done past 6 hours ago STILL not resolved!!!
ward no 23 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया We are very tired of this.
I mean It's been from last tuesday and still toilet always locked ward no 3 opposite the hospital useless facility
urgent cmplt: open manhole outside my house ward 33 very dangerous especially at night
yaar i want to report that aaj bhi wrad no 23 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
street light wire hanging loose at the main road hadapsar shock risk
it's been 3 din se and still opposite the hospital sion mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding
actually w-5 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein कब होगा काम???
sir To whom it may concern, bhai ward 40 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
basically kab aayega paani ward no 16 mein itna wait kar rahe hain When will this be fixed??
urgnt complain: sewage smell unbearable ward no 16 over a fortnight kids cant go to school
u see To whom it may concern, tax notice aaya hai ward 19 ka lekin payment ho chuki
mosquito problem ward no 3 near d-block no fogging sine the monsoon कब होगा काम???
I mean Respected officer, ward 47 MEIN public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
we the residents of ward 4 want to say that wrad 4 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए STILL not resolved!!!
like despite our previous complaints, paani ki problem hai ward no 22 mein for 10 dyas se nala band hogaya
tbh we the residents of ward no 2 want to say that trade license ke liye past 2 weeks se wait kar raha hoon ward no 2 When will this be fixed??
sir This is TO inform you that dirty smelly watr supply Santacruz kaafi dino se health risk We are very tired of this.
yaar to whom it may concern, ward 48 की सड़क की हालत खराब है past 2 weeks से मरम्मत नहीं कब होगा काम???
sir We the residents of Kurla want TO say that major pipe burst near D-block Kurla wter wasting
It's been since morning and still construction without plan approval ward no 1 This is ridiculous!
i want to report that aaj bhi wrad 41 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
basically we the residents of matunga want to say that पड़ोसी ने matunga में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली When will this be fixed??
i want to report that major pipe burst near the temple powai water wasting
near the market ward NO 27 ka kuda uthao yaar over A fortnight se nahi utha STILL not resolved!!!
tbh Laxmi Nagar में since 3 day से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय We are very tired of this.
like Despite our previous complaints, chembur में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें कब होगा काम???
we the residents of malviya nagar want to say that water pipe cracked malviya nagar outside my house road become muddy
despite our previous complaints, ward no 21 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय from last tuesday से साफ नहीं हुआ STILL not resolved!!!
you know I want to report that waste not picked Shivaji Nagar at the corner since diwali piling up on raod STILL not resolved!!!
we the residents of ward no 15 want to say that many stray dogs ward no 15 near the temple biting residents Disgusting situation.
bhai street light wire hanging loose in the bylane ward 27 shock risk
I mean dear mc, stray dogs noot sterilized w-2 population increasing This has been going on too long.
bhai hello sir, daily water supply disrupted ward 1 past for 10 days pipeline blocked maybe STILL not resolved!!!
u see no response to building permission application WARD 23 FOR 2 days Nobody is listening to us.
water looks muddy koramangala in the lane since 3 day
I WANT TO report that roda broken badly ward no 2 at the junction car tyres punctured 2 times
URGENT complaint: grabage collector TAKES money still not collecting ward 13 Please take urgent action!!!
yaar ward 42 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi Disgusting situation.
ward 8 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र since yesterday से नहीं मिला Disgusting situation.
sir ward no 8 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक Please take urgent action!!!
basically urgnt complaint: dengue cases increasing ward no 4 stagnant water noot removed
it's been sine 3 days and still andheri east में near the school के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक Very disappointed with MC.
you know garbage truck not coming ward 42 for 5 days Kab tak wait karein???
yaar Hi, death registered but certificate pending Shivaji Nagar
you know Despite our previous complains, encroachment on footpath near D-block Vikhroli pedestrians cant walk Kab tak wait karein???
you know hello sir, toilet gandy hai near the temple pimpri for the past week se safai karo कब होगा काम???
we the residents of ward 13 want to say that cylinder blast at the corner ward 13 need immediate help This has been going on too long.
tbh building mein aag ward 37 jaldi aao We are very tired of this.
sir RESPECTED OFFICER, ward 22 में AT the JUNCTION कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Very disappointed with MC.
tbh Hello sir, massive crater sized pothole behind the mall W-4 since for the PAST week
tbh this is to inform you that raat ko costrution chal raha tha wadala bina permission We are very tired of this.
I mean DEAR MC, builder STARTED work at night ward 42 near D-BLOCK no permission
hello sir, builder started work at night ward 49 near the temple no permission
Hello sir, massive crater sized pothole near the school wadr 33 since 3 din se
sir in front of my building w-6 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding This has been going on too long.
it's been since yesterday and still near d-block ward no 10 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Very disappointed with MC.
sir Hi, bacche ka CERTIFCATE nahi bana W-6 mein 1 hafte se lag gaye Please take urgent action!!!
basically IT'S been from 4 days and still gutter overflow Bandra West people WALKING in waste WATOR
you know To whom it may concern, entire footpath occupied by SHOP in our colony wrd 21 for 2 days Very disappointed with MC.
dear mc, toilet broken and stinking ward 23 nobody cleaning Disgusting situation.
dear mc, nullah blocked ward 42 mosquito breeding happening
we the residents of powai want to say that gaaye sadak pe khadi hain powai traffic jam ho raha This is ridiculous!
yaar To whom it may concern, wardd 43 में in front of my building के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक
like pipe toot gayi near sector 7 ward 43 ke paas jaldi aao Kab tak wait karein???
I mean we the residents of ward no 2 want to say that water filter getting choked daily ward no 2 water very bad quality Please take urgent action!!!
Urgent complaint: ward no 3 में for 5 days से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Nobody is listening to us.
tax demand notice for wrad 7 but payment done since 3 days ago We are very tired of this.
We the residents of Karol Bagh want to say that big water leak Karol Bagh 1 hafte SE NOBODY coming to fix This is ridiculous!
maa ka certificate chahiye ward 46 office se from last tuesday ho gaye
urgent complain: my baby born for the past week certificate still not ready ward no 24
sir despite our previous complaints, ward no 11 में नाली बंद है from last tuesday से सड़क पर गंदा पानी Disgusting situation.
paid ₹5000 propety tax but still SHOWING DUES ward NO 5
I mean dear mc, illegal construction w-4 near station without permission
constraction waste dumped on road ward no 12 by builder STILL not resolved!!!
tbh Dear MC, ward 45 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete
I mean I want to report that no response to building permission application W-18 sine diwali This has been going on too long.
basically i want to report that nahi aa rha paani ward 29 mein please koi to suno कब होगा काम???
To whom it may concern, Hadapsar office se birth certiifcate nahi mila from 4 days se STILL not resolved!!!
I mean It's been 3 din se and still water pressure very low at the junction wadr 29 3 din se barely enough Please take urgent action!!!
respected officer, near sector 7 vikhroli में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है STILL not resolved!!!
It's been snce 3 days and still W-16 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति since 3 day से लंबित है Nobody is listening to us.
mosquito breeding open drainn wardd no 25 health risk
sir it's been since 3 day and still wter noot coming from tap near the school wardd no 5 This has been going on too long.
you know w-8 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें This is ridiculous!
u see Urgent cmplt: online proerty tax payment failed amount ₹12000 deducted ward 45 Disgusting situation.
u see Dear MC, maa KA certificate chahiye ward 46 office se 1 hafte se ho GAYE Nobody is listening to us.
bhai Despite our previous complaints, wrad no 28 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं We are very tired of this.
like Respected officer, my building at the signal ward 42 has no water from kaafi dino se what to do STILL not resolved!!!
bhai road tar came off 3 din se ward 43 only stones left STILL not resolved!!!
yaar This is to inform YOU that Powai near THE temple में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं कब होगा काम???
u see near sector 7 wrad 22 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है Very disappointed with MC.
yaar daily wator supply disrupted ward no 21 past 3 din se pipeline blocked maybe Disgusting situation.
basically WATER LEAKAGE at THE signal W-17 huge wastage please FIX When will this be fixed??
actually hello sir, new trade license not processed w-1 1 hafte se This is ridiculous!
bhai कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 42 में पर कोई नहीं आया
We the residents of Hadapsar want to say that drainn blocked Hadapsar at the naka sewage overflowing on road Kab tak wait karein???
Respected officer, 1 light working out of 10 in Mulund rest all dead This is ridiculous!
basically we the residents of ward no 11 want to say that my shop has no license because ward no 11 office nto responding कब होगा काम???
actually it's been past 2 weeks and still toilet band rehta hai powai mein kya fayda STILL not resolved!!!
sir respected officer, sewage smell unbearable ward no 7 past 2 weeks kids cant go to school कब होगा काम???
I mean fire at building ward 22 at the main roaad pls send fire engine We are very tired of this.
you know i want to report that tap is dry wardd no 15 महीने भर से please check the pipeline Disgusting situation.
I mean i want to report that bhai w-8 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo Please take urgent action!!!
I mean Respected officer, wrad no 5 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge This is ridiculous!
hello sir, ward 7 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo Nobody is listening to us.
sir ward no 1 में कचरा गाड़ी past 6 hours से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है Nobody is listening to us.
Kab aayega paani ward 41 mein itna wait kar rahe hain
urgent complaint: shivaji nagar में व्यापार लाइसेंस 1 hafte se से लंबित है
we the residents of wrd 31 want to say that online proprty tax payment failed amount ₹8500 deducted ward 31 When will this be fixed??
tbh Hello sir, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko PIMPRI mein URGENT KARO We are very tired of this.
ward 24 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक We are very tired of this.
this is to inform you that ward 46 mein paani band hai from last tuesday se log taras rahe hain Kab tak wait karein???
u see I want to report that govandi से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र since morning से नहीं मिला This has been going on too long.
tbh Safai nahi ho rahi ward 19 since monday se kachra uthao na Disgusting situation.
you know hello sir, garbage wala nahi aaya ward no 17 near the temple for 2 days se Disgusting situation.
respected officer, pipe phoot gayi shivaji nagar outside my house mein paani beh raha hai Very disappointed with MC.
despite our previous complaints, my shop has no license because wardd 23 office not responding STILL not resolved!!!
tbh hello sir, nali choke ho gayi ward no 23 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha Very disappointed with MC.
tbh ward 32 outside my house mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao This has been going on too long.
bhai dear mc, new trade license not processed ward 37 since last month Nobody is listening to us.
actually hello sir, nali choke ho gayi andheri east ganda paani sadak pe aa raha
you know it's been sine morning and still ward 48 में व्यापार लाइसेंस since morning से लंबित है Disgusting situation.
This is to inform you that wrd no 13 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Nobody is listening to us.
tbh road pe gadd hai at the naka sion bike wale girte hain कब होगा काम???
I mean Dear mc, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward 32 ka kuda uthane Disgusting situation.
u see nullah blocked ward no 17 mosquito breeding happening Very disappointed with MC.
bhai hello sir, wardd 17 mein paani ka pipe past 6 hours se leak ho raha hai
I mean garbage not collected W-8 for 10 days unbearable smell
like Despite our previous cmplts, sewage smell UNBEARABLE wrd 9 1 HAFTE SE kids cant go to school
we the residents of ward 37 want to say that gutter overflow ward 37 people walking in waste wateer Kab tak wait karein???
you know Hello sir, fire noc required Karol Bagh not getting IT Very disappointed with MC.
like we the residents of laxmi nagar want to say that stray cattle blocking roaad laxmi nagar for 10 day This is ridiculous!
yaar Dear mc, cylinder blast hua near d-block ward no 6 mein emergency
basically I want to report that brown water coming ward 17 children getting sick This has been going on too long.
yaar W-8 office mein plan submit kiya for 10 days reply nahi
bhai Urgent complain: WARD 38 में snce DIWALI से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय When will this be fixed??
urgnt complaint: road tar came off from 4 day ward 41 only stones left STILL not resolved!!!
हमारे ward 12 में since last month से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे कब होगा काम???
like Hi, road pe gadd hai at the signal ward 40 bike wale girte hain
pipe leaking outside in the bylane w-6 creating pothole also
sir urgent complaint: wadr 16 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति 1 hafte se से बाधित है
basically Hi, 3 people in my building got dengue vile parle plz spray Nobody is listening to us.
this is to inform you that unauthorized building dharavi please stop We are very tired of this.
tbh fire broke out near sector 7 Dharavi fire brigade delayed Disgusting situation.
Wrad 9 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं When will this be fixed??
I mean Urgent complaint: wrd 47 की सड़क की हालत खराब है kaafi dino se से मरम्मत नहीं Kab tak wait karein???
This is to inform you that water not coming from tap at the naka ward 20 Kab tak wait karein???
basically i want to report that neighbor built extra floor without permission w-19
like raat ko construction chal raha tha ward 19 bina permission STILL not resolved!!!
respected officer, waterlogging after rain indiranagar mosquito problem getting worse We are very tired of this.
ward 28 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है from last tuesday से
like I want TO report that registered birth for THE past week but certificate NTO issued ward 2
Despite our previous complains, ₹5000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho RAHA hai W-6
basically hi, water noot coming from tap in the bylane ward no 20 Very disappointed with MC.
like Respected officer, ward 32 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
despite our previous complaints, major pipe burst near the market wrd no 22 water wasting We are very tired of this.
this is to inform you that rood tar came off kaafi dino se ward 36 only stones left When will this be fixed??
sir to whom it may concern, builder ne maal near the temple borivali road pe daal diya hata do This has been going on too long.
basically hi, huge potholes near the park ward no 2 very dangerous Nobody is listening to us.
actually despite our previous complaints, pipe leaking wrd 47 near the school road flooded Please take urgent action!!!
yaar it's been past 2 weeks and still wire latki hui hai in front of my building shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
u see Respected officer, sewage smell unbearable ward 10 for the past week kids cant go to school This is ridiculous!
Urgent cmplt: in front of my building ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya wadr no 27 mein since last month se This has been going on too long.
yaar urgnt complaint: public toilet ward 34 very dirty not cleaned 1 hafte se Kab tak wait karein???
This is TO INFORM you that wire latki hui hai at the junction shock lag SAKTA hai kisi KO Kab tak wait karein???
bhai hi, encroachment on footpath near the temple ward no 12 pedestrians cant walk
like This is to inform you that pipe toot gayi in the bylane Govandi ke paas jaldi aao कब होगा काम???
sir neighbor built extra floor without permission ward no 29
Dear MC, small fire ward 44 opposite the hospital before it spreads plz come
Respected officer, garbage lying ON roaad wadr NO 16 past 6 hours disease risk Please take urgent action!!!
yaar urgent complain: bhai W-16 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo STILL not resolved!!!
basically respected officer, water pipe cracked matunga near sector 7 roaad become muddy This is ridiculous!
sir We the residents of ward 11 want to say that wardd 11 in the BYLANE में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Nobody is listening to us.
hi, dog attack ward 2 at the junction child got bitten please help Kab tak wait karein???
malaria fear wrad 35 drain not cleaned over a fortnight Nobody is listening to us.
u see urgent complaint: garbage collector takes money still nt collecting w-10 Very disappointed with MC.
yaar despite our previous complaints, machhar bahut hain ward 6 since last month se spray kab karoge Kab tak wait karein???
I mean despite our previous complaints, पड़ोसी ने ward no 17 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली We are very tired of this.
u see my baby born past 6 hours certiifcate still not ready ward 20 कब होगा काम???
road full of potholes thane for 10 days vehicles getting damaged STILL not resolved!!!
like kab aayega paani W-19 mein itna wait kar rahe hain
basically THIS is to INFORM you that नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा Koramangala में past 2 weeks से
tbh Urgent complaint: water not coming from tap opposite the hospital W-1 This is ridiculous!
I mean toilet always locked ward 45 in the bylane useless facility Nobody is listening to us.
u see urgent complaint: stray dogs not sterilized ward no 3 population increasing When will this be fixed??
like No public toilet ward 15 at the corner open defecation happening When will this be fixed??
basically hi, wadr 1 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain for 5 days se bahut takleef
Respected officer, water not coming from tap at THE junction wadr 41 कब होगा काम???
actually I want to report that WARD 31 में at the naka कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध
you know respected officer, illegal dump outside my house ward 43 flies mosquitoes everywhere STILL not resolved!!!
sir this is to inform you that ward 8 में कचरा गाड़ी snce 3 dayz से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है कब होगा काम???
dear mc, mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward no 15 Very disappointed with MC.
you know पड़ोसी ने ward 11 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली Please take urgent action!!!
basically URGENT complain: Vikhroli में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है since yesterday से
actually Urgent complaint: ward 39 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega We are very tired of this.
you know street ligth not working ward 33 at the main road since the monsoon very dark at night Very disappointed with MC.
basically Respected officer, garbage lying on road ward no 16 past 6 hours disease risk This is ridiculous!
basically Swm worker absent from vikhroli in front of my building since monday When will this be fixed??
despite our previous complaints, cow sitting on main road ward no 2 traffic blocked Nobody is listening to us.
Hello sir, ward 48 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है SINCE diwali से STILL not resolved!!!
tbh mutation request pending ward 38 sinc diwali please process This has been going on too long.
yaar ward 44 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं This is ridiculous!
this is to inform you that ward no 3 near the market bina permission costrution ho raha hai Kab tak wait karein???
wrad 15 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
u see my shop has no license because W-5 office not responding This has been going on too long.
you know we the residents of w-13 want to say that w-13 in our colony mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi We are very tired of this.
actually Aaj fir gira mai w-18 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche
basically we the residents of ward no 12 want to say that garbage lying on road ward no 12 since 3 days disease risk Disgusting situation.
actually it's been since last night and still birth certificate nt received ward 31 office since last night
I mean It's been for the past week and still wrad no 11 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega When will this be fixed??
Tax notice came again even after paying ward 21 This is ridiculous!
bhai No response to building permission application santacruz since last night STILL not resolved!!!
like It's been PAST 2 weeks and STILL illegal CONSTRUCTION ward 47 at THE main roda without permission When will this be fixed??
This is to inform you that at the main road ward no 7 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko This is ridiculous!
you know Hi, oc application pending for 10 days borivali office This is ridiculous!
despite our previous complaints, waste not picked ward 6 at the signal kaafi dino se piling up on road कब होगा काम???
sir Ward 11 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili कब होगा काम???
I mean i want to report that borivali का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
basically despite our previous complaints, road tar came off since the rain vile parle only stones left Very disappointed with MC.
yaar urgent cmplt: waste not picked ward no 14 near d-block from 4 dyas piling up on road Disgusting situation.
Hello sir, wateer leakage near the temple wardd 32 huge wastage pleese fix
basically ward 36 at the signal nali band hai since monday se badbu aa rahi
tbh hello sir, pipe phoot gayi thane at the signal mein paani beh raha hai This has been going on too long.
To whom it may concern, ward no 3 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली When will this be fixed??
We the RESIDENTS of ward 10 want to say that mosquito problem ward 10 outside my house no fogging FOR the PAST week
tbh supply cut without notice hadapsar since last month This is ridiculous!
you know this is to inform you that applied birth cert ward 19 since monday back no movement Kab tak wait karein???
bhai We the residents of ward 19 want to say that ward 19 near the temple nali band hai 3 din se se badbu aa rahi
I mean Hello sir, tax demand notice for ward no 13 but payment done for 5 dyas ago STILL not resolved!!!
It's been past 2 weeks and still gutter overflow W-2 people walking in waste water Very disappointed with MC.
basically Dear mc, dengue cases increasing ward no 18 stagnant water not removed
tbh it's been for 10 days and still ward 49 opposite the hospital mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao Nobody is listening to us.
bhai Pipe toot gayi near the market wrd 32 ke paas jaldi aao
To whom it may concern, ward 34 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega
bhai urgent cmplt: w-8 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for 2 days से लंबित है
yaar respected officer, wter from tap bandra west yellow coloured not drinkable Very disappointed with MC.
u see road tar came off since diwali w-12 only stones left Please take urgent action!!!
bhai dear mc, aaj fir gira mai wardd 31 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche
yaar respected officer, garbge lying on road w-15 since monday disease risk This has been going on too long.
basically Respected officer, ward 46 mein mutation nahi hua past 2 weeks se apply kiya tha Nobody is listening to us.
I mean entire sion in darkness after 9pm since 3 days Very disappointed with MC.
sir It's been snce the rain and still wardd no 24 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua since the rain se Disgusting situation.
basically tax notice came again even after paying ward 48 Very disappointed with MC.
tbh Road dug up for construction never repaired ward no 24 snce 3 days
sir hi, w-19 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega
dear mc, street light not working w-2 at plot no 45 3 din se very dark at night
u see This is TO inform YOU THAT cylinder blast hua near D-block Koramangala mein emergency STILL not resolved!!!
sir I want to report that ward no 13 mein lgiht nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
toilet always locked ward no 12 at plot no 45 useless facility
yaar Despite our previous complaints, public toilet Sion very dirty not cleaned since last night Kab tak wait karein???
basically to whom it may concern, 1 light working out of 10 in ward 27 rest all dead When will this be fixed??
actually we the residents of ward 32 want to say that tax demand notice for ward 32 but payment done since the rain ago This is ridiculous!
urgent complaint: paid ₹5000 proprty tax but still showing dues w-10 When will this be fixed??
actually laxmi nagar ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Very disappointed with MC.
municipal tanker not coming to W-4 sine 3 day This has been going on too long.
sir It's been since the RAIN and STILL dustbin bhar gayi WARD 37 mein khali karo please We are very tired of this.
Despite our previous complaints, drain choked W-7 3 din se foul smell health hazard We are very tired of this.
encroachment on footpath near sector 7 W-3 pedestrians cant walk This is ridiculous!
sir Respected officer, ward 12 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
waterlogging after rain wadr no 15 mosquito problem getting worse
actually w-10 mein paani ka pipe since last night se leak ho raha hai
u see Respected officer, manhole open hai at THE corner koi gir jayega plz cover lagao STILL not resolved!!!
u see I want to REPORT that municipal tanker nt coming to W-4 for the past week
I mean ward 6 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo Very disappointed with MC.
to whom it may concern, ward no 2 mein mutation nahi hua for 2 days se apply kiya tha When will this be fixed??
to whom it may concern, waste not picked w-7 near station since last month piling up on rood This has been going on too long.
urgent complaint: water nto coming from tap at the naka ward 10
I mean I want to report that wrad 34 mein death certifcate nahi mila 3 din se se urgnt hai This has been going on too long.
yaar paani mein mitti aa rahi hai wardd 34 colour bhi change hai Kab tak wait karein???
u see dear mc, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi w-9 me 1 hafte se se Kab tak wait karein???
tbh Despite our previous complaints, kachra nahi utha ward no 10 mein since 3 days se bahut badbu STILL not resolved!!!
tbh hi, water filter getting choked daily w-15 water very bad quality When will this be fixed??
actually this is to inform you that bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward 32 mein from last tuesday lag gaye
sir hello sir, swm worker absent from ward no 19 in our colony 1 hafte se This has been going on too long.
actually property tax portal down cannot pay ward 5 कब होगा काम???
dear mc, ward 23 में कचरा गाड़ी since yesterday से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
you know Hi, ward 47 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र from 4 days से नहीं मिला
you know it's been sinc last night and still w-17 में नामांतरण since last night से लंबित है कब होगा Please take urgent action!!!
sir Urgent complaint: manhole open hai in front of my building koi gir jayega please cover lagao Nobody is listening to us.
respected officer, w-14 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया Disgusting situation.
pipe leaking ward no 16 in the lane road flooded
you know It's been FOR 10 days and still ward 17 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है This has been going on too long.
bhai Respected officer, dirty smelly water supply ward no 6 since the monsoon health risk This is ridiculous!
basically it's been over a fortnight and still ward no 10 में near d-block कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध We are very tired of this.
kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi w-8 me for 5 days se STILL not resolved!!!
sir municipal tanker not coming to ward no 20 since the monsoon
sir dear mc, nali choke ho gayi w-16 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha Disgusting situation.
you know Hi, wadr no 5 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain Nobody is listening to us.
you know It's been sine 3 days and still stinking garbage pile at the main raod ward 3 dogs spreading it everywhere Very disappointed with MC.
yaar brown water coming W-15 children getting sick Disgusting situation.
bhai It's been since yesterday and still ward 33 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete
bhai ward 2 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Very disappointed with MC.
respected officer, dog attack w-12 behind the mall child got bitten please help कब होगा काम???
bhai Kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi w-17 me for 2 dayz se This is ridiculous!
you know urgent complaint: public toilet ward no 27 very dirty not cleaned since last month This is ridiculous!
This is to inform you that opposite the hospital Wadala mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding This is ridiculous!
basically dear mc, malviya nagar में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं Kab tak wait karein???
sir I want to report THAT mutation KA koi status nahi mila W-17 ka
RESPECTED officer, 3 people IN my building got dengue Borivali please spray
yaar hi, aaj bhi ward 15 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
basically dear mc, ward 24 near the market में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
actually hello sir, we called the garbge number 3 times ward 44 no response STILL not resolved!!!
it's been since yesterday and still w-2 में व्यापार लाइसेंस since yesterday से लंबित है Disgusting situation.
Dear MC, applied birth cert ward 39 since MONDAY back no movement This has been going on too long.
like नाली से बदबू ward 9 में for 2 days से असहनीय हो गई है Kab tak wait karein???
hi, toilet band rehta hai sion mein kya fayda This has been going on too long.
sir sion में नाली बंद है since yesterday से सड़क पर गंदा पानी This has been going on too long.
GAAYE sadak pe khadi hain WARD 47 traffic jam ho raha
bhai This is to inform you that ward 22 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं We are very tired of this.
To WHOM it may concern, stray cattle blocking rood W-12 past 6 hours Disgusting situation.
This is to inform you that building mein aag ward 30 jaldi aao Disgusting situation.
like sewage smell unbearable ward no 25 since yesterday kids cant go to school
yaar To whom it MAY concern, my scooter fell IN POTHOLE W-7 in our COLONY I got HURT Nobody is listening to us.
u see respected officer, govandi ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili This is ridiculous!
u see we the residents of ward 19 want to say that machhar bahut hain ward 19 1 hafte se se spray kab karoge Nobody is listening to us.
this is to inform you that brown water coming karol bagh children getting sick Nobody is listening to us.
hi, w-11 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete
Urgent COMPLAINT: near station WARD 34 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Please take urgent action!!!
hello sir, dirty smelly water supply ward 9 3 din se health risk This is ridiculous!
you know kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi wardd 23 me past 2 weeks se When will this be fixed??
bhai despite our previous complaints, nali choke ho gayi w-7 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha When will this be fixed??
it's been since monday and still open manhole near d-block ward 46 very dangerous especially at night
actually to whom it may concern, it rained and entire road disappeared chembur only pits left
it's been for 5 day and still toilet always locked hadapsar in the lane useless facility This has been going on too long.
building permission ke liye FOR 5 days wait kar raha hoon wrad 48 Please take urgent action!!!
hello sir, water pipe cracked w-13 in our colony road become muddy When will this be fixed??
I mean this is to inform you that correction needed birth certficate ward 31 wrong name spelled This is ridiculous!
tbh to whom it may concern, toilet gandy hai behind the mall chembur sine last night se safai karo
hello sir, vikhroli mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Please take urgent action!!!
waste noot picked wadr 22 in the lane since the rain piling up on road This has been going on too long.
bhai dear mc, paid proerty tax ward no 2 but receipt not received
w-3 में मच्छरों की समस्या since morning से है This is ridiculous!
despite our previous complaints, हमारे ward no 23 में over a fortnight से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे This is ridiculous!
tbh ward 47 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है from last tuesday से
Chembur में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
respected officer, sewage smell unbearable ward 41 for the past week kids cant go to school When will this be fixed??
you know Despite OUR PREVIOUS complaints, massive crater sized pothole near sector 7 Matunga since for the PAST week This is ridiculous!
meri beti ko dengue hua wadr 38 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua Kab tak wait karein???
you know this is to inform you that stray dogs not sterilized ward no 28 population increasing
u see i want to report that my building outside my house w-12 has no watr from 1 hafte se what to do
despite our previous complaints, trade license renewal pending since the rain shop ward 27 Disgusting situation.
TO WHOM it may CONCERN, garbage truck not coming wardd 25 for 2 dayz
urgent complaint: commencement certficate not received wrad 2 despite approval Please take urgent action!!!
wrd no 14 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Disgusting situation.
sir this is to inform you that w-12 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete This has been going on too long.
you know to whom it may concern, wrad 36 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
To whom it may concern, ward 24 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें When will this be fixed??
opposite THE hospital ward 12 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है When will this be fixed??
tbh dear mc, bhari water leakage in our colony sadak bhar gayi
To whom it may concern, pipe phoot gayi wrd no 27 in front of my building mein paani beh raha hai This is ridiculous!
sir I want to report that road full OF potholes ward no 6 since last month vehicles getting DAMAGED
tbh dear mc, fire at building ward 37 near the market please send fire engine
Bhai wrd 43 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo कब होगा काम???
bhai Respected officer, wator pressure very low in the lane WARD 13 over a fortnight barely enough Very disappointed with MC.
u see wrad no 18 में नामांतरण from last tuesday से लंबित है कब होगा Nobody is listening to us.
actually hi, massive crater sized potholee at plot no 45 borivali since sine morning
I mean It's been 3 din se and still ward no 14 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं कब होगा काम???
you know paid property tax wrd 38 but receipt not received STILL not resolved!!!
bhai HELLO sir, waste not picked Vikhroli opposite the hospital for the past week piling UP on road कब होगा काम???
yaar to whom it may concern, wadala ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
wardd 31 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय snce last night से साफ नहीं हुआ We are very tired of this.
This IS TO inform you that W-13 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं Nobody is listening to us.
I mean ward 44 AT the junction mein log kachra FEK rahe hain gandagi This is ridiculous!
u see hello sir, water has weird smell and colour wadr no 17 When will this be fixed??
actually Ward no 14 में at the main road कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध STILL not resolved!!!
actually Hi, cow SITTING on main road W-3 traffic blocked Kab tak wait karein???
like respected officer, कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward no 28 में पर कोई नहीं आया Please take urgent action!!!
respected officer, ward no 26 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi This is ridiculous!
yaar dear mc, गड्ढे की वजह से govandi में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
Potholes on main road ward no 14 causing accidents sinc yesterday
I want to report that building permission ke liye from 4 days wait kar raha hoon wrad no 1 Disgusting situation.
we the residents of santacruz want to say that death certificate not issued santacruz office snce the monsoon
I want to REPORT that opposite the HOSPITAL ward 39 ka kuda uthao yaar since last month se NAHI utha
hi, sewage smell unbearable govandi 3 din se kids cant go to school When will this be fixed??
like hello sir, footpath pe encroachment hai outside my house ward no 28 mein Nobody is listening to us.
Hello sir, we called the garbage number 3 times ward 14 no response
u see urgent complaint: trade license ke liye 3 din se se wait kar raha hoon ward 34 This is ridiculous!
tbh W-13 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
you know Hello sir, at PLOT NO 45 wrd no 20 mein kutte bahut AGGRESSIVE hain raat ko
bhai dirty smelly water supply ward 3 since diwali health risk
sir to whom it may concern, machhar bahut hain vikhroli sinc diwali se spray kab karoge When will this be fixed??
you know We the residents of Chembur want to SAY that encroachment on footpath opposite the hospital CHEMBUR pedestrians cant walk This is ridiculous!
mutation request pending w-1 for 5 days plz process
Hi, ward no 3 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
We the residents of wadala want to say that wadala में नाली बंद है 3 din se से सड़क पर गंदा पानी STILL not resolved!!!
yaar Urgent complaint: major pipe burst at the naka wadr no 8 water wasting
actually We the residents of Sion want to say that meri beti ko dengue hua Sion mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua Nobody is listening to us.
yaar street light toot gayi at plot no 45 ward no 1 past 6 hours se This has been going on too long.
like hi, kurla में at the naka के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक
actually respected officer, thane mein death certificate nahi mila since monday se urgent hai When will this be fixed??
it's been since the rain and still ward no 24 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua since the rain se This has been going on too long.
bhai To whom it may concern, pipe toot gayi near sector 7 thane ke paas jaldi aao STILL not resolved!!!
sir we the residents of ward no 17 want to say that ward no 17 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega This is ridiculous!
u see to whom it may concern, ward no 21 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है from last tuesday से Nobody is listening to us.
kab aayega paani wrad no 7 mein itna wait kar rahe hain We are very tired of this.
like Maa ka certificate chahiye wardd 8 office se for 2 days ho gaye STILL not resolved!!!
tbh Dear mc, w-10 में नामांतरण since 3 days से लंबित है कब होगा Kab tak wait karein???
like hi, ward 40 में over a fortnight से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Kab tak wait karein???
actually respected officer, w-9 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं This is ridiculous!
dear mc, malaria fear chembur drain not cleaned from 4 days Nobody is listening to us.
actually ward 24 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है STILL not resolved!!!
you know To whom it may CONCERN, water leakage near sector 7 W-13 huge wastage PLEASE FIX This is ridiculous!
actually Respected officer, road pe GADD hai at the junction ward 30 bike wale girte hain This has been going on too long.
tbh Hello sir, mosquito breeding open drain W-4 health risk Please take urgent action!!!
basically Dear mc, municipal tanker not coming to wrd 2 sine last night Disgusting situation.
actually It's been 1 hafte SE and still GARBAGE TRUCK not coming WARDD 9 1 hafte se
despite our previous complaints, online payment fail ho gayi ward 6 mein paise kat gaye
this is to inform you that sion में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है kaafi dino se से
tbh Respected officer, wardd 23 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye
basically dear mc, water pipe cracked w-4 outside my house road become muddy Nobody is listening to us.
I mean It's BEEN since the rain AND still footpath pe encroachment hai near station W-6 MEIN Disgusting situation.
like this is to inform you that ward 27 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है Disgusting situation.
I mean urgent complaint: dengue cases increasing wadr 32 stagnant wateer noot removed STILL not resolved!!!
sir It's BEEN 1 hafte se and still Thane में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
actually we the residents of ward 1 want to say that construction without plan approval ward 1
basically It's been SNCE 3 DAYS and still 3 PEOPLE IN my building got dengue THANE pleese spray When will this be fixed??
commencement certificate not received wrd no 2 despite approval
i want to report that ward 35 में कचरा गाड़ी sine the rain से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
sir it's been since last night and still गड्ढे की वजह से w-16 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा When will this be fixed??
ward 23 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र for 10 days से नहीं मिला
sir To whom IT may concern, garbage wala nahi aaya wrad 31 at THE signal over A fortnight SE When will this be fixed??
you know Dear mc, at plot no 45 indiranagar mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko We are very tired of this.
basically ward 37 में नाली बंद है since monday से सड़क पर गंदा पानी कब होगा काम???
wrad no 18 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र for the past week से नहीं मिला This has been going on too long.
I mean To WHOM it may concern, wrd 25 में in the bylane कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Very disappointed with MC.
u see We the residents of ward 3 want to say that ward 3 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain past 6 hours se bahut takleef कब होगा काम???
Despite our previous cmplts, w-17 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र for 2 days से नहीं मिला
sir गड्ढे की वजह से ward no 19 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
bhai I want to report that water not coming FROM tap in front of my building W-2
yaar Respected officer, safai nahi ho rahi ward no 23 past 2 weeks se kachra uthao na When will this be fixed??
u see Urgent complaint: w-9 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain from last tuesday se bahut takleef This has been going on too long.
I mean property mutation not done ward no 29 applied kaafi dino se ago When will this be fixed??
I mean PIPE toot gayi in the bylane wrd no 21 ke PAAS jaldi aao Disgusting situation.
pipe leaking ward 22 in front of my building road flooded STILL not resolved!!!
basically we the residents of w-18 want to say that kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko w-18 mein urgent karo
like mutation request pending ward no 2 sine last night plz process
yaar we the residents of ward 30 want to say that property mutation not done ward 30 applied महीने भर से ago This has been going on too long.
I mean We the residents of ward no 25 want to say that grabage lying on roaad ward no 25 past 6 hours disease risk We are very tired of this.
commencement certficate noot received shivaji nagar despite approval Disgusting situation.
tbh big water leak ward no 9 SINCE the monsoon nobody coming to FIX We are very tired of this.
in the lane Bandra West MEIN paani khada HAI mosquito breeding Nobody is listening to us.
sir we the residents of borivali want to say that no watr since for 5 days in borivali when will tanker come
Dear mc, raod dug up for constraction never repaired ward no 11 3 din se We are very tired of this.
like Despite our previous complaints, road pe gadd hai at the naka W-16 bike wale girte hain Very disappointed with MC.
yaar hi, water leakage near d-block wadr 9 huge wastage please fix
u see Hi, ward 2 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है
u see Dear mc, manhole open hai behind the mall koi gir jayega please cover lagao This is ridiculous!
Despite OUR PREVIOUS complaints, FIRE at building Vikhroli opposite the hospital please send fire engine
actually respected officer, property mutation not done wardd 31 applied since the monsoon ago
actually i want to report that tax notice came again even after paying shivaji nagar This has been going on too long.
we the residents of koramangala want to say that main pipeline burst koramangala water gushing out 3 din se We are very tired of this.
I mean hello sir, santacruz office se birth certifcate nahi mila over a fortnight se Kab tak wait karein???
IT'S been for 5 days AND still kab aayega paani wadr no 3 mein itna WAIT kar rahe hain Kab tak wait karein???
this is to inform you that rood condition pathetic ward no 14 multiple potholes for 2 days
ward 47 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete
bhai despite our previous cmplts, no water in wrad 40 kaafi dino se STILL not resolved!!!
actually We the residents OF ward 3 want to say THAT ward 3 में मच्छरों की समस्या since DIWALI से है Please take urgent action!!!
yaar we called the garbage number 3 times Santacruz no response कब होगा काम???
this is to inform you that dengue cases increasing wardd no 2 stagnant water not removed When will this be fixed??
like main pipeline burst Laxmi Nagar water gushing out 1 hafte se
yaar it's been since morning and still water from tap ward 40 yellow coloured not drinkable Kab tak wait karein???
respected officer, 3 people in my building got dengue ward no 14 please spray Very disappointed with MC.
actually we the residents of w-1 want to say that big wateer leak w-1 from last tuesday nobody coming to fix
tbh Respected officer, waterlogging after rain Thane mosquito problem getting worse Kab tak wait karein???
Hi, WARD NO 11 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है
To whom it may concern, W-8 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for 10 days से लंबित है
u see massive crater sized pothole near sector 7 santacruz since since diwali We are very tired of this.
We the residents of w-9 want to say that manhole open hai at plot no 45 koi gir jayega plz cover lagao
bhai We the residents of w-19 want to say that toilet always locked w-19 at the corner useless facility Please take urgent action!!!
bhai It's been for 5 days AND still street light nt working Bandra West near sector 7 for 5 days very DARK at night We are very tired of this.
we the residents of w-14 want to say that main pipeline burst w-14 wateer gushing out for 10 days Disgusting situation.
you know It's been from last tuesday and still ward 14 in the lane bina permission constraction ho raha hai
yaar hello sir, in the bylane matunga mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding This is ridiculous!
this is to inform you that builder started work at night ward no 16 at the signal no permission
like Dear mc, malaria fear wrad 11 drain not cleaned for 2 days
tax demand notice for ward 39 but payment done 3 din se ago
I mean it's been since monday and still ward 5 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Disgusting situation.
bhai ward no 28 near sector 7 में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
sir GARBAGE lying on road ward no 5 for 10 days disease risk This is ridiculous!
u see it's been past 6 hours and still paani ki problem hai ward 35 mein past 6 hours se nala band hogaya
yaar despite our previous cmplts, bhari wter leakage in the lane sadak bhar gayi
I want to report that garbage lying on roaad wrd 34 for the past week disease risk
I mean respected officer, w-3 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली When will this be fixed??
Despite our previous complaints, road dug UP for constraction never repaired ward 35 from 4 DAYS
dear mc, online property tax payment failed amount ₹3500 deducted ward 25 Kab tak wait karein???
you know ward no 24 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein We are very tired of this.
tbh Despite our previous COMPLAINTS, we called THE grabage number 3 times wardd no 20 NO response
Respected officer, ward no 7 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति since yesterday से बाधित है When will this be fixed??
respected officer, my scooter fell in pothole vile parle in front of my building i got hurt When will this be fixed??
bhai I want to report that dustbin bhar gayi ward no 27 mein khali karo please Kab tak wait karein???
like Urgent complain: aaj bhi ward 5 mein paani nahi aaya tanker BHEJO Disgusting situation.
yaar despite our previous complaints, stray dogs nto sterilized w-14 population increasing
ward 43 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe
actually URGENT complaint: ward no 29 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
you know This is to inform you that wire latki hui hai near the market shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
to whom it may concern, wateer looks muddy wrad 45 near the temple महीने भर से
I mean urgent complaint: construction without plan approval w-18 This has been going on too long.
bhai despite our previous complaints, raat ko construction chal raha tha ward 2 bina permission This is ridiculous!
I mean This is to inform you that W-8 में since the rain से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय When will this be fixed??
you know I want to report that Chembur में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है past 6 hours से कब होगा काम???
you know dear mc, online payment fail ho gayi ward 33 mein paise kat gaye कब होगा काम???
like ward 2 mein death certificate nahi mila sinc morning se urgnt hai Very disappointed with MC.
baarish ke baad DRAIN overflow Vikhroli mein road nahi dikh raha
I mean it's been since the rain and still machhar bahut hain w-1 since the rain se spray kab karoge STILL not resolved!!!
yaar Respected OFFICER, waste not picked ward no 19 near the school since the MONSOON piling up ON road Nobody is listening to us.
bhai potholes on main road wrad 4 causing accidents kaafi dino se
paid ₹8500 propety tax but still SHOWING dues ward no 23 Very disappointed with MC.
bhai wrad 49 की सड़क की हालत खराब है for the past week से मरम्मत नहीं STILL not resolved!!!
urgent complaint: street light toot gayi in front of my building ward no 20 for the past week se
bhai naam galat likha hai certiifcate mein Wadala ka
u see illegal construction ward 4 near the park without permission Disgusting situation.
yaar Urgent complaint: WIRE latki hui hai AT the junction shock lag sakta hai kisi KO Very disappointed with MC.
respected officer, borivali mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain Disgusting situation.
you know urgnt complaint: trade license renewal pending sinc diwali shop Laxmi Nagar Disgusting situation.
u see dear mc, wire latki hui hai near station shock lag sakta hai kisi ko कब होगा काम???
toilet always locked ward 23 near the temple useless facility STILL not resolved!!!
tbh It's been since the monsoon and still applied for mutation since the monsoon no update ward 15 We are very tired of this.
I mean This is to inform you that ward no 5 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi
u see Hadapsar में कचरा गाड़ी from last tuesday से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है STILL not resolved!!!
basically we the residents of ward 6 want to say that 3 people in my building got dengue ward 6 please spray Kab tak wait karein???
actually hello sir, malaria fear dharavi drian not cleaned since 3 days Disgusting situation.
basically respected officer, baarish ke baad drain overflow laxmi nagar mein road nahi dikh raha
basically hello sir, mosquito problem ward no 12 at the signal no fogging for 5 day
People dumping garbage at the main roda wadala very unhygienic When will this be fixed??
I mean dear mc, paani ki problem hai ward 30 mein snce the rain se nala band hogaya
i want to report that rood pe gadd hai near the park w-18 bike wale girte hain
hello sir, mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward 27 ka This is ridiculous!
actually this is to inform you that we r not getting water wardd no 17 4 sine last month wat is happening कब होगा काम???
I mean To whom it may concern, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward 11 me sinc morning se Very disappointed with MC.
u see this is to inform you that toilet gandy hai at the corner ward 22 past 2 weeks se safai karo Nobody is listening to us.
basically Ward 11 behind the mall mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao Please take urgent action!!!
i want to report that road full of potholes dharavi since diwali vehicles getting damaged We are very tired of this.
tbh my area ward 12 has nt seen garbage van since 1 hafte se
dear mc, waste nto picked w-10 at the corner 1 hafte se piling up on road When will this be fixed??
tbh this is to inform you that outside my house ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward 30 mein for 10 dayz se STILL not resolved!!!
I mean supply cut without notice wadr no 17 since diwali Very disappointed with MC.
basically pipe phoot gayi ward 7 in the bylane mein paani beh raha hai Please take urgent action!!!
tbh Hi, major pipe burst at the SIGNAL Shivaji NAGAR water wasting
tbh kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko shivaji nagar mein urgent karo STILL not resolved!!!
yaar wrd no 13 में व्यापार लाइसेंस since last night से लंबित है
actually it's been 1 hafte se and still naam galat likha hai certiifcate mein ward no 14 ka This is ridiculous!
tbh URGENT complain: street light wire hanging loose behind the mall wrd 11 shock risk
tbh Respected officer, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward no 24 traffic jam ho raha Very disappointed with MC.
illegal dump near the market ward 5 flies mosquitoes everywhere We are very tired of this.
dengue cases increasing ward no 12 stagnant wter not removed Nobody is listening to us.
bhai urgent complaint: new trade license not processed ward 18 snce monday Very disappointed with MC.
yaar Dear MC, footpath pe encroachment hai outside my house ward 28 mein Very disappointed with MC.
I mean Respected officer, thane में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है कब होगा काम???
dear mc, nali choke ho gayi ward 40 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha STILL not resolved!!!
basically main pipeline burst ward 28 water gushing out since the rain We are very tired of this.
death certficate not issued wadr 49 office 3 din se We are very tired of this.
despite our previous complaints, all street lamps broken ward 35 completely dark Please take urgent action!!!
Hello SIR, cow SITTING on main road ward 15 traffic blocked
bhai urgnt complaint: नाली से बदबू wrad 2 में since the rain से असहनीय हो गई है When will this be fixed??
basically hello sir, death registered but certificate pending ward no 5 STILL not resolved!!!
tbh Respected officer, wadr no 20 in our colony NALI band hai from 4 days se BADBU aa rahi STILL not resolved!!!
I mean hi, water filter getting choked daily ward 41 water very bad quality This is ridiculous!
sir unauthorized building ward no 12 pls stop Very disappointed with MC.
I mean we the residents of ward 40 want to say that manhole open hai at the junction koi gir jayega please cover lagao Very disappointed with MC.
tbh Hello sir, road PE gadd HAI at plot no 45 PIMPRI bike wale GIRTE hain Kab tak wait karein???
It rained and entire road disappeared ward 41 only pits left
bhai despite our previous complaints, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward 43 ka kuda uthane कब होगा काम???
tbh Pipe toot gayi at plot no 45 dharavi ke paas jaldi aao STILL not resolved!!!
bhai dear mc, toilet gandy hai near station ward no 2 for the past week se safai karo This has been going on too long.
wrd no 23 में for 10 dayz से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
yaar Dear MC, wadr 1 in the lane mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi This has been going on too long.
Dear MC, TOILET gandy hai IN our colony ward NO 13 1 hafte se se safai karo STILL not resolved!!!
basically It's been since the monsoon and still street light toot gayi near the park w-16 snce the monsoon se We are very tired of this.
you know DEATH registered BUT CERTIIFCATE pending ward no 14 This has been going on too long.
you know Dengue cases increasing wardd 7 stagnant water nto removed This is ridiculous!
you know water leakage at the signal chembur huge wastage please fix
u see respected officer, encroachment on footpath near the school ward 41 pedestrians cant walk This has been going on too long.
tbh my building behind the mall w-2 has no water from since monday what to do Disgusting situation.
basically hello sir, ward 1 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है
नाली से बदबू wrd 20 में since 3 day से असहनीय हो गई है Please take urgent action!!!
you know huge potholes at the main roda w-10 very dangerous Please take urgent action!!!
despite our previous complaints, meri beti ko dengue hua ward no 17 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
basically Garbage wala nahi aaya ward 20 in our colony from 4 days se कब होगा काम???
yaar ward 10 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें Kab tak wait karein???
roda CONDITION pathetic ward 23 multiple potholes since last night
we the residents of ward 33 want to say that wrad 33 at the signal mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao This has been going on too long.
sir I want TO REPORT that नाली से बदबू ward no 1 में since last month से असहनीय हो गई है This has been going on too long.
it's been since morning and still building permission ke liye since morning wait kar raha hoon ward no 12 This has been going on too long.
we the residents of ward 33 want to say that paid ₹3500 property tax but still showing dues wrad 33
u see Urgent complaint: death registered but certificate pending ward 9 कब होगा काम???
To whom it may concern, street ligth wire hanging loose in front of my building ward 42 shock risk
Pipe leaking wrd no 19 at the signal road flooded This is ridiculous!
sir near station ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya wrd 46 mein since the monsoon se
bhai Urgent complaint: registered BIRTH since LAST night but certiifcate not issued ward 31
like manhole open hai at the corner koi gir jayega plz cover LAGAO
u see urgent complaint: नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा w-7 में since the rain से
bhai We the residents of wrad 24 want to say that tax demand notice for wardd 24 but payment done over a fortnight ago STILL not resolved!!!
tbh This is to inform you that birth certificate not received Bandra West office since last night
Dear MC, death registered but certificate pending ward no 2 Kab tak wait karein???
I want to report that gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward 10 traffic jam ho raha STILL not resolved!!!
I want to report that my shop has no license because ward no 1 office not responding
death registered but certificate pending ward no 16
yaar Despite our previous cmplts, supply cut without notice Koramangala since morning Nobody is listening to us.
tbh I want to report that registered birth महीने भर से but certificate not issued ward 29 When will this be fixed??
it's been since monday and still my area mulund has not seen garbage van sine since monday
basically I want to report that ward no 18 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
like This is to inform you that pipe leaking ward 33 in the bylane raod flooded
you know we the residents of ward 44 want to say that my building behind the mall ward 44 has no wateer from 3 din se what to do We are very tired of this.
sir MASSIVE crater sized pothole near the PARK WARD 2 since kaafi dino se
dear mc, ward 7 में मच्छरों की समस्या since morning से है Disgusting situation.
DESPITE our PREVIOUS complains, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain Andheri East traffic jam HO raha
you know Urgent complaint: ward no 29 ki raod bilkul kharab hai kab banoge We are very tired of this.
hello sir, ward no 23 in our colony mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi This has been going on too long.
actually potholes on main road ward 40 causing accidents for 5 days कब होगा काम???
sir Dear MC, wrad 10 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo When will this be fixed??
tbh We the residents of ward no 8 want to say that tap is dry WRD no 8 past 6 hours please check the pipeline कब होगा काम???
tbh light pole broken wardd 49 dangerous live wire exposed
u see hello sir, garbage collector takes money still not collecting ward 48 We are very tired of this.
tbh wrd 33 near the park mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao कब होगा काम???
you know To whom it may concern, bacche ka certifcate nahi bana ward 29 mein since the rain lag gaye
It's been sine yesterday and still kab aayega paani ward 31 mein itna wait kar rahe hain This has been going on too long.
basically we the residents of ward 32 want to say that near the temple ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward 32 mein 1 hafte se se This is ridiculous!
hi, construction waste dumped on road w-9 by builder STILL not resolved!!!
i want to report that birth certificate not received wrd 6 office since the rain This has been going on too long.
u see entire w-9 in darkness after 9pm since last night When will this be fixed??
dear mc, trade license renewal pending for 5 days shop wardd 48
u see need death certificate urgently ward 8 for insurance This is ridiculous!
actually urgent complaint: ward 7 mein MUTATION nahi hua for 2 days se apply kiya tha This has been going on too long.
like Respected officer, municipal tanker not coming to ward 13 for the past week Nobody is listening to us.
actually Respected officer, tap is dry ward no 29 past 6 hours please check the pipeline
actually this is to inform you that ₹3500 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 44 Very disappointed with MC.
you know we the residents of ward 4 want to say that नाली से बदबू ward 4 में महीने भर से से असहनीय हो गई है
sir to whom it may concern, toilet gandy hai at the naka indiranagar past 2 weeks se safai karo
yaar Hi, ward 22 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
I mean koramangala mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe
u see It's been sine morning and still no public toilet wrad no 22 in the bylane open defecation happening Disgusting situation.
u see Registered birth snce the monsoon but certificate nto issued ward no 19 This is ridiculous!
sir wrd 48 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति past 2 weeks से बाधित है Very disappointed with MC.
ward 24 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र महीने भर से से नहीं मिला STILL not resolved!!!
u see fire broke out near the market ward 24 fire brigade delayed
you know registered birth since last night but certifcate nto issued w-3 कब होगा काम???
you know this is to inform you that paani ki problem hai w-8 mein since morning se nala band hogaya This has been going on too long.
It's been sine LAST month and still sewage smell unbearable W-5 since LAST month kids cant GO to school
hello sir, mosquito problem vile parle behind the mall no fogging past 2 weeks STILL not resolved!!!
tbh manhole open hai near the park koi gir jayega please cover lagao कब होगा काम???
I mean Hello SIR, garbage lying on rood W-11 3 din se disease risk
like hello sir, कचरेवाले को बुलाया wrd no 16 में पर कोई नहीं आया
we the residents of w-1 want to say that pipe leaking outside in the bylane w-1 creating pothole also
bhai To whom it may concern, at THE JUNCTION ward no 21 ka kuda uthao yaar snce the monsoon se nahi utha
u see Hi, bhari wter leakage at the junction sadak bhar gayi Kab tak wait karein???
I want to report that new trade LICENSE not processed ward no 9 FOR 2 dayz
like to whom it may concern, ward 41 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Please take urgent action!!!
sir i want to report that toilet broken and stinking ward 6 nobody cleaning Very disappointed with MC.
hello sir, road repair karo w-7 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar This is ridiculous!
This is to inform you that ward no 18 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है past 2 weeks से
i want to report that oc application pending 3 din se w-17 office
tbh garbage wala nahi aaya ward 22 opposite the hospital past 6 HOURS se
you know I want to report that big water leak wardd 8 past 2 weeks nobody coming to fix Disgusting situation.
yaar Despite our previous complaints, encroachment on footpath in the bylane ward 29 pedestrians cant walk
bhai dear mc, ward 11 में कचरा गाड़ी from last tuesday से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है Please take urgent action!!!
sir This is to inform you that water has weird smell and colour W-3 STILL not resolved!!!
I mean to whom it may concern, ward 26 mein paani band hai since morning se log taras rahe hain
tbh water leakage near station ward 17 huge wastage please fix Very disappointed with MC.
bhai it's been 1 hafte se and still water pipe cracked thane near the park road become muddy
bhai hi, w-10 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली When will this be fixed??
I mean This is to inform you that toilet gandy hai at plot no 45 wardd 23 since yesterday se safai karo
u see despite our previous complaints, entire ward 28 in darkness after 9pm since morning We are very tired of this.
actually to whom it may concern, meri beti ko dengue hua sion mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua Kab tak wait karein???
you know wadr 8 at the junction bina permission construction ho raha hai Please take urgent action!!!
To whom it may concern, हमारे ward 26 में from last tuesday से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे When will this be fixed??
tbh hi, wrd 30 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
road condition pathetic ward 48 multiple potholes kaafi dino se
this is to inform you that 3 people in my building got dengue wrd no 8 pls spray Disgusting situation.
it's been past 2 weeks and still hadapsar में at the signal पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है This has been going on too long.
actually hi, no public toilet w-14 at plot no 45 open defecation happening Please take urgent action!!!
actually birth certificate not received ward 8 office past 6 hours Nobody is listening to us.
basically This is to inform you that ward 15 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय SINCE yesterday से साफ नहीं हुआ
respected officer, correction needed birth certificate ward no 12 wrong name spelled
urgent complain: पड़ोसी ने wrd 28 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली This has been going on too long.
we the residents of shivaji nagar want to say that shivaji nagar में व्यापार लाइसेंस 1 hafte se से लंबित है Disgusting situation.
basically To whom it may concern, ward no 23 near station nali BAND hai 1 HAFTE se se BADBU AA RAHI This has been going on too long.
ward no 5 mein mutation nahi hua snce monday se apply kiya tha When will this be fixed??
basically it's been for 5 days and still manhole cover missing at the naka vikhroli someone will fall
tbh This is to inform you that mosquito problem WARD 46 at the naka no fogging from 4 days STILL not resolved!!!
sir i want to report that huge potholes near the park ward 33 very dangerous
u see i want to report that ward no 18 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया STILL not resolved!!!
you know dear mc, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai w-5 colour bhi change hai कब होगा काम???
bhai aaj bhi ward 44 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo When will this be fixed??
basically we the residents of karol bagh want to say that karol bagh में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
We the residents of sion want to say that कचरेवाले को बुलाया sion में पर कोई नहीं आया कब होगा काम???
This is to inform you that dirty smelly WATOR supply WARD NO 14 for 10 days health risk Disgusting situation.
dear mc, ward 49 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete कब होगा काम???
To whom it may concern, cylinder blast in front of my building ward 27 need immediate help कब होगा काम???
near the market ward no 28 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है Kab tak wait karein???
like Respected officer, stray cattle blocking road mulund snce monday We are very tired of this.
actually it's been since diwali and still builder ne maal in front of my building ward no 5 roda pe daal diya hata do
I mean Respected officer, dog attack W-16 near THE school child got bitten plese help When will this be fixed??
water filter getting choked daily ward 10 wator very bad quality STILL not resolved!!!
actually it's been since diwali and still light pole broken ward 28 dangerous live wire exposed
dear mc, ward 21 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
you know respected officer, major pipe burst in the bylane w-11 water wasting When will this be fixed??
it's been for 5 days and still mutation request pending ward 34 for 5 days pleese process STILL not resolved!!!
yaar building mein aag wardd 46 jaldi aao Very disappointed with MC.
w-11 mein paani ka pipe for 5 dyas se leak ho raha hai
tbh raod tar came off since 3 days thane only stones left
like Ward 34 outside my house में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Please take urgent action!!!
yaar we the residents of ward 41 want to say that garbage truck not coming wrd 41 for the past week
despite our previous complaints, ward 46 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo This is ridiculous!
you know respected officer, garbage not collected ward 17 since the monsoon unbearable smell कब होगा काम???
we the residents of ward 37 want to say that wadr 37 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है STILL not resolved!!!
Urgent complaint: cow sitting on main road ward no 11 traffic blocked When will this be fixed??
like Dear MC, COW sitting ON main road W-19 traffic blocked This has been going on too long.
I want to report THAT wrd 44 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं Very disappointed with MC.
roda tar came off since last night w-6 only stones left
i want to report that entire footpath occupied by shop at the junction ward 44 past 6 hours Please take urgent action!!!
actually dear mc, no public toilet indiranagar at the signal open defecation happening कब होगा काम???
I want to report that fire broke out near the market ward 17 fire brigade delayed This has been going on too long.
yaar To WHOM it may concern, builder ne maal near D-block wrd 16 rood pe DAAL diya HATA do
basically dear mc, waste nto picked w-13 outside my house past 6 hours piling up on roda Nobody is listening to us.
I mean respected officer, 1 light working out of 10 in w-18 rest all dead Please take urgent action!!!
basically machhar bahut hain W-5 past 2 weeks se spray kab karoge
you know this is to inform you that naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward 8 ka Nobody is listening to us.
basically despite our previous complaints, nullah blocked ward no 14 mosquito breeding happening कब होगा काम???
urgent COMPLAINT: machhar BAHUT hain W-14 for 10 days se spray kab karoge
bhai safai nahi ho rahi VIKHROLI sine the monsoon se kachra uthao na This has been going on too long.
bhai It's been for the past week and still ward NO 1 NEAR THE school mein log kachra fek rahe HAIN gandagi STILL not resolved!!!
bhai Hello sir, no response to building permission application WARD 10 SINCE 3 DAYS Please take urgent action!!!
I mean Hello sir, roaad tar came off from 4 days ward 23 only stones left
u see Hello sir, wrd 15 की सड़क की हालत खराब है for 5 days से मरम्मत नहीं
Respected officer, machhar bahut hain WARD NO 22 over a FORTNIGHT se spray kab KAROGE Very disappointed with MC.
sir to whom it may concern, w-4 at plot no 45 bina permission constraction ho raha hai This has been going on too long.
bhai we the residents of ward 23 want to say that garbge not collected ward 23 kaafi dino se unbearable smell When will this be fixed??
bhai ward 3 mein death CERTIFCATE nahi mila since 3 days se urgent hai When will this be fixed??
Despite our previous complaints, wadr 10 में कचरा गाड़ी past 2 weeks से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
bhai I want TO report that road dug up for construction NEVER repaired W-12 महीने भर से Please take urgent action!!!
It's been since morning and still watr supply stopped Shivaji Nagar sine morning residents suffering badly This has been going on too long.
I mean respected officer, ward no 14 में 3 din se से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Very disappointed with MC.
bhai neighbor built extra floor without permission borivali Disgusting situation.
sir respected officer, people dumping garbage near the market w-12 very unhygienic Disgusting situation.
bhai it's been 1 hafte se and still wrad no 19 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
sir URGENT complaint: it rained and ENTIRE road disappeared ward no 19 only pits left
this is to inform you that toilet band rehta hai ward 34 mein kya fayda Disgusting situation.
DEAR MC, oc application PENDING since 3 days W-6 office
tbh wrd 5 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है sinc last night से Nobody is listening to us.
like urgent complaint: at the main road kurla mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
building mein aag ward 6 jaldi aao Nobody is listening to us.
i want to report that paid ₹5000 propety tax but still showing dues wrd 2
sir Hello sir, ward 3 MEIN sadak pe BADE khadde hain snce YESTERDAY SE BAHUT TAKLEEF कब होगा काम???
I mean This is to inform you that हमारे wrd 41 में for 5 days से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे This is ridiculous!
you know Respected officer, W-10 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए When will this be fixed??
actually raod repair karo Kurla mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar Kab tak wait karein???
actually all street lamps broken wrad 5 completely dark Disgusting situation.
yaar hi, wardd no 14 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
like municipal tanker not coming to ward 25 since last month
yaar hello sir, wadr 25 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है Very disappointed with MC.
basically this is to inform you that wadr 19 में at the naka के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक
actually respected officer, death certiifcate not issued wardd 24 office snce 3 days
u see it's been since last month and still tap is dry ward no 20 since last month pls check the pipeline Nobody is listening to us.
we the residents of ward 40 want to say that ward 40 office mein plan submit kiya for 2 days reply nahi
u see correction needed birth certificate ward no 16 wrong name spelled
bhai This is to inform you that wator NT coming from tap NEAR the temple wrd no 17 Kab tak wait karein???
basically I want to report that aaj fir gira mai WARDD 31 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche When will this be fixed??
you know urgnt complaint: no public toilet ward 2 near sector 7 open defecation happening Nobody is listening to us.
yaar applied for mutation from 4 dayz NO update wardd 23 This is ridiculous!
u see I want to report that Borivali में since last month से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
This is to inform you that wardd 16 में near the market पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
bhai swm worker absent from koramangala in the lane snce last night
you know municipal tanker not coming to w-11 past 6 hours
I mean paid property tax ward 29 but receipt not received Disgusting situation.
sir It's been for the past week and still applied birth cert wardd no 26 for the past week back no movement
basically respected officer, kachra nahi utha borivali mein over a fortnight se bahut badbu कब होगा काम???
you know this is to inform you that cylinder blast hua near the school pimpri mein emergency Nobody is listening to us.
I mean to whom it may concern, pipe leaking outside at plot no 45 ward 7 creating pothole also Very disappointed with MC.
you know urgent complaint: water looks muddy Vile Parle at the junction kaafi DINO se
u see urgnt complaint: tax notice came again even after paying ward 27 This has been going on too long.
sir Hello sir, wardd 44 mein awaara kutte BAHUT hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Nobody is listening to us.
u see it's been महीने भर से and still w-3 at the signal nali band hai महीने भर से se badbu aa rahi When will this be fixed??
you know urgent complaint: some amount bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward no 7 Please take urgent action!!!
u see tax notice came again even after paying wardd 47 This has been going on too long.
sir Hello sir, dog attack wrd no 5 outside my house child got bitten pleese help Nobody is listening to us.
it's been kaafi dino se and still road repair karo wrad 6 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
basically it's been kaafi dino se and still small fire thane at the main raod before it spreads please come When will this be fixed??
sir Dear MC, builder ne maal in front of my building W-4 roda pe daal diya hata do This has been going on too long.
sir this is to inform you that drain choked ward no 23 3 din se foul smell health hazard We are very tired of this.
Dear MC, manhole open hai IN our colony KOI gir jayega please cover lagao Nobody is listening to us.
to whom it may concern, ward no 6 की सड़क की हालत खराब है from last tuesday से मरम्मत नहीं STILL not resolved!!!
like urgent complaint: toilet always locked chembur in our colony useless facility Very disappointed with MC.
u see dear mc, raat ko constraction chal raha tha hadapsar bina permission
neighbor built extra floor without permission wrd no 24 This has been going on too long.
yaar waterlogging after rain wrd 41 mosquito problem getting worse This has been going on too long.
actually This is to inform you that ward no 7 में व्यापार लाइसेंस since monday से लंबित है This has been going on too long.
To whom it may concern, big wator leak ward 25 for the past week nobody coming to fix Kab tak wait karein???
To whom it may concern, my baby born since the monsoon certificate still not ready W-18 This is ridiculous!
actually RESPECTED officer, swm worker absent from HADAPSAR in the bylane past 2 weeks When will this be fixed??
bhai this is to inform you that ward 14 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है कब होगा काम???
you know to whom it may concern, my building at the corner ward 17 has no water from past 6 hours what to do कब होगा काम???
this is to inform you that vikhroli में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
actually This IS to inform you that water noot coming from tap outside my house W-11 Very disappointed with MC.
actually this is to inform you that thane में near the temple कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध When will this be fixed??
you know nahi aa rha paani Karol Bagh mein please koi to suno Please take urgent action!!!
yaar Urgent complaint: encroachment on footpath near the park ward 13 pedestrians cant walk We are very tired of this.
you know To whom it may concern, W-10 में since morning से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Nobody is listening to us.
bhai This is to inform you that nahi aa rha paani laxmi nagar mein please koi to suno When will this be fixed??
u see ward 35 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
actually RESPECTED officer, supply cut without notice WARD no 6 FOR 5 days
tbh wadr 26 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Disgusting situation.
like my scooter fell in phole W-8 opposite the hospital i got hurt
I mean Respected officer, safai nahi ho rahi ward 15 3 din se se kachra uthao na STILL not resolved!!!
actually Despite our previous complaints, ward 4 में near the school पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
actually DEAR MC, ward 42 ki ROAD bilkul KHARAB hai kab banoge Please take urgent action!!!
Despite our previous complaints, ward 49 ki sadak ME itne khadde hain ki raat KO dikh bhi nahi When will this be fixed??
Hello sir, new trade license not processed W-15 for 10 dyas
actually hi, drain choked ward 6 महीने भर से foul smell health hazard
illegall building ban raha hai wadr no 2 mein rok do
yaar We the residents of ward no 19 want to say that illegal dump in front of my building ward no 19 flies mosquitoes everywhere
yaar municipal tanker not coming to wadr no 2 since morning Disgusting situation.
like to whom it may concern, toilet gandy hai at the signal ward 23 for the past week se safai karo
tbh to whom it may concern, matunga में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं This is ridiculous!
wrad no 8 में near the school पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है When will this be fixed??
basically i want to report that swm worker absent from ward no 1 at the signal snce monday Kab tak wait karein???
Hello sir, new trade license not processed wardd no 28 since morning This has been going on too long.
drain blocked ward no 4 at the main road sewage overflowing on road
despite our previous cmplts, toilet broken and stinking ward 15 nobody cleaning
tbh ward no 14 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili कब होगा काम???
tbh i want to report that oc application pending sinc the rain vile parle office This has been going on too long.
u see this is to inform you that manhole open hai opposite the hospital koi gir jayega please cover lagao This has been going on too long.
like dear mc, paani ki problem hai ward no 9 mein since the rain se nala band hogaya
actually Hi, ward 33 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain कब होगा काम???
tbh drainage OVERFLOW during rain Dharavi FLOODING streets Very disappointed with MC.
u see i want to report that swm worker absent from ward 40 in the lane महीने भर से This has been going on too long.
actually we the residents of ward no 7 want to say that ward no 7 at the naka bina permission construction ho raha hai
sir wadr no 2 में स्ट्रीट लाइट sine last night से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
It's been kaafi dino se and still trade license ke liye kaafi dino se se wait kar raha hoon ward 34
you know urgent COMPLAINT: stray DOGS not sterilized WARD no 29 population INCREASING Disgusting situation.
tbh we the residents of w-3 want to say that swm worker absent from w-3 near d-block for 5 dayz
Hello sir, POTHOLES on main road ward 1 CAUSING accidents for 5 day
despite our previous complaints, birth certificate not received wardd 1 office महीने भर से Disgusting situation.
ward no 25 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें This is ridiculous!
u see respected officer, oc application pending since last month ward no 8 office
To whom it may concern, ward NO 23 में near the MARKET कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध कब होगा काम???
to whom it may concern, ward no 17 में स्ट्रीट लाइट kaafi dino se से बंद है रात में अंधेरा Kab tak wait karein???
actually Respected officer, Laxmi Nagar mein paani band hai since diwali se log taras rahe hain When will this be fixed??
sir this is to inform you that malaria fear ward 11 drain not cleaned snce last night कब होगा काम???
like this is to inform you that पड़ोसी ने w-2 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली
like hello sir, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain borivali traffic jam ho raha
bhai Despite our previous complaints, ₹3500 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai matunga When will this be fixed??
Hi, waterlogging after rain ward 2 mosquito problem getting worse
u see this is to inform you that kab aayega paani ward 32 mein itna wait kar rahe hain When will this be fixed??
I mean it's been for 5 days and still w-2 में in the lane कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध
bhai नाली से बदबू ward 16 में for 5 days से असहनीय हो गई है कब होगा काम???
actually i want to report that nullah blocked wrd 38 mosquito breeding happening
yaar urgent complaint: aaj bhi ward 16 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
actually kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi kurla me since monday se This is ridiculous!
basically I want to REPORT that पड़ोसी ने wadr 18 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली कब होगा काम???
Urgent complaint: mosquito breeding open drain wrd 33 health risk Disgusting situation.
to whom it may concern, ward 44 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र 1 hafte se से नहीं मिला Please take urgent action!!!
u see urgnt complaint: w-4 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
unauthorized building w-11 please stop Kab tak wait karein???
tbh I want to report THAT unauthorized building ward 16 please stop This is ridiculous!
I mean urgent complaint: dirty smelly water supply wadr 39 from 4 dyas health risk
tbh hi, near d-block w-16 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding कब होगा काम???
basically at the junction ward 10 ka kuda uthao YAAR for 5 DAYS se NAHI utha We are very tired of this.
I mean light pole broken ward 11 dangerous live wire exposed Disgusting situation.
sir water filter getting choked daily ward no 10 water very bad quality Nobody is listening to us.
we the residents of ward 43 want to say that paid ₹25000 property tax but still showing dues ward 43 This is ridiculous!
building mein aag santacruz jaldi aao कब होगा काम???
yaar Hi, my area ward 3 has not seen garbage van since OVER a fortnight
yaar Manhole open hai at the naka koi gir jayega pls cover lagao This is ridiculous!
u see This is to inform you that drain choked ward 43 महीने भर से foul smell health hazard
I mean respected officer, potholes on main road ward 3 causing accidents since 3 days Nobody is listening to us.
actually Hello sir, drain blocked ward 3 near the school sewage overflowing on road Kab tak wait karein???
like despite our previous cmplts, tax demand notice for ward no 6 but payment done sinc yesterday ago
actually dear mc, aaj fir gira mai ward 45 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche When will this be fixed??
like nahi aa rha paani W-16 mein plz koi to suno
u see i want to report that safai nahi ho rahi santacruz past 2 weeks se kachra uthao na When will this be fixed??
basically Urgent complaint: ward 33 near station में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
Urgent complaint: entire ward no 12 in darkness after 9pm past 6 hours
bhai Despite our PREVIOUS cmplts, near the school ward no 2 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding We are very tired of this.
actually my shop has no license because w-6 office noot responding STILL not resolved!!!
yaar To whom it may concern, WARD 41 में व्यापार लाइसेंस over a FORTNIGHT से लंबित है This has been going on too long.
dear mc, all street lamps broken ward 44 completely dark
bhai BACCHE ka certificate nahi bana Laxmi Nagar mein kaafi dino se lag gaye We are very tired of this.
DEAR MC, Koramangala mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi Kab tak wait karein???
u see hi, near sector 7 bandra west mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
you know paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward 27 colour bhi change hai We are very tired of this.
I mean respected officer, applied birth cert laxmi nagar for 2 days back no movement
you know hello sir, dirty smelly water supply ward no 13 since monday health risk
dear mc, ward 44 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
Hello sir, dustbin bhar gayi ward no 16 mein khali karo pleese Very disappointed with MC.
Despite our previous complaints, W-15 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
bhai respected officer, ₹5000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward no 10 When will this be fixed??
yaar Hi, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain wrad no 7 traffic jam ho raha कब होगा काम???
I mean We the residents of Koramangala want to say that Koramangala mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
tbh Urgent COMPLAINT: malaria fear wrad 10 drian not cleaned for 10 dyas When will this be fixed??
basically despite our previous complaints, correction needed birth certiifcate andheri east wrong name spelled
u see Despite our previous complaints, toilet always locked ward 37 near the school useless facility
bhai Respected officer, wateer looks muddy ward 17 at the junction for the past week When will this be fixed??
Hello sir, w-2 में at the junction के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक
this is to inform you that paid ₹25000 property tax but still showing dues ward 20 Very disappointed with MC.
u see to whom it may concern, registered birth महीने भर से but certifcate nt issued ward 9
applied trade license since the monsoon ago andheri east still waiting We are very tired of this.
despite our previous complaints, 3 people in my building got dengue ward no 17 please spray
ward 43 mein mutation nahi hua kaafi dino se se apply kiya tha
fire at building bandra west at the main road please send fire engine कब होगा काम???
sir Ward 12 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र past 6 hours से नहीं मिला Very disappointed with MC.
I want to report that neighbor built extra floor without permission ward 13 Kab tak wait karein???
paid property tax ward 3 but receipt not received Disgusting situation.
like tax demand notice for ward 3 but payment done past 6 hours ago कब होगा काम???
sir I want to report that commencement certiifcate not received matunga despite approval Kab tak wait karein???
sir respected officer, ward no 20 में near the temple अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है STILL not resolved!!!
basically Despite our previous complaints, पड़ोसी ने WRD 30 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली
Hello sir, PROPERTY mutation nt done ward 35 APPLIED over a fortnight ago Nobody is listening to us.
bhai dear mc, entire ward 28 in darkness after 9pm महीने भर से Disgusting situation.
you know online proerty tax payment failed amount some amount deducted ward 15 This is ridiculous!
to whom it may concern, kab aayega paani wrd 31 mein itna wait kar rahe hain Very disappointed with MC.
yaar paani mein mitti aa rahi hai w-8 colour bhi change hai Very disappointed with MC.
u see w-3 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति from last tuesday से बाधित है Very disappointed with MC.
Aaj fir gira mai ward 1 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche Nobody is listening to us.
basically It's been sine last month and still construction without plan approval ward no 1 We are very tired of this.
It's been past 6 hours and still tap is dry Kurla past 6 hours please check the pipeline Disgusting situation.
tbh To whom it may concern, Kurla में in our colony पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है Please take urgent action!!!
dear mc, पड़ोसी ने wardd 3 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली Disgusting situation.
u see dear mc, ward 14 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय for 5 days से साफ नहीं हुआ When will this be fixed??
basically hi, ward 29 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
yaar Hi, cow sitting on main road hadapsar traffic blocked
basically hi, people dumping garbage in our colony wrd 27 very unhygienic Kab tak wait karein???
bhai dengue cases increasing ward no 12 stagnant water not removed
tbh ligh pole broken ward no 24 dangerous live wire EXPOSED कब होगा काम???
I mean urgent complaint: mutation request pending ward 39 from 4 dayz plz process
you know urgent complaint: ward 15 at the corner mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
sir we the residents of w-14 want to say that my area w-14 has not seen garbage van snce past 6 hours
i want to report that road tar came off past 6 hours w-8 only stones left
like i want to report that khadda hai in our colony ward 29 mein accident hua tha kal Please take urgent action!!!
u see Urgent complaint: Andheri East ka proerty tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
sir we the residents of mulund want to say that raat ko construction chal raha tha mulund bina permission
u see hello sir, pipe leaking ward 34 at the main road road flooded कब होगा काम???
yaar Hello sir, dirty smelly wateer SUPPLY ward 24 for 5 dayz health RISK
like this is to inform you that mutation request pending wrd 33 for the past week please process Please take urgent action!!!
I mean hi, no response to building permission application kurla over a fortnight Very disappointed with MC.
I want to report that online property tax payment failed amount ₹25000 deducted W-7 This has been going on too long.
actually hi, nali choke ho gayi wrd 3 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha कब होगा काम???
it's been past 2 weeks and still ward no 6 में near the park कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Nobody is listening to us.
actually wadr 44 ki raod bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Very disappointed with MC.
I mean Respected officer, ward 27 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र for 5 days से नहीं मिला This is ridiculous!
yaar It's been from 4 days AND STILL paani ki problem hai ward no 6 mein from 4 dyas SE nala band hogaya When will this be fixed??
yaar It's been since monday and STILL ward no 17 में कचरा गाड़ी since monday से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है STILL not resolved!!!
It's been since 3 dayz and still no public toilet ward 19 in the lane open defecation happening कब होगा काम???
I want to report that supply cut without notice ward 44 since yesterday Kab tak wait karein???
like ward 31 mein mutation nahi hua since the monsoon se apply kiya tha Very disappointed with MC.
u see hello sir, w-10 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Please take urgent action!!!
dear mc, stray cattle blocking road w-12 past 2 weeks Nobody is listening to us.
ward 39 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं This is ridiculous!
u see road full of potholes ward no 23 for 2 days vehicles getting damaged
you know toilet broken and stinking wardd 34 nobody cleaning
like to whom it may concern, garbage lying on roda ward no 12 since morning disease risk Disgusting situation.
u see we the residents of bandra west want to say that in our colony bandra west ka kuda uthao yaar since last night se nahi utha
Dear mc, kachra nahi utha ward no 13 mein for the past week se bahut badbu Disgusting situation.
you know it's been since morning and still builder started work at night chembur near the temple no permission
u see main pipeline burst W-10 water gushing out महीने भर से कब होगा काम???
yaar It's been snce morning and still builder started work at night WARD 44 AT the naka NO permission Very disappointed with MC.
Despite our previous complaints, no wator IN ward 7 since last month STILL not resolved!!!
like We the residents of ward no 19 want to say that ward no 19 office se birth certificate nahi mila since morning se STILL not resolved!!!
like I want to report that waterlogging after rain w-11 mosquito problem getting worse When will this be fixed??
I mean to whom it may concern, correction needed birth certificate wrd 38 wrong name spelled STILL not resolved!!!
yaar Despite our previous complaints, meri beti ko dengue hua W-5 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua This is ridiculous!
u see urgnt complaint: encroachment on footpath near the temple ward 24 pedestrians cant walk
bhai we called the garbage number 3 times ward 43 no response
hi, garbage truck not coming ward 29 3 din se Nobody is listening to us.
Hello sir, tax DEMAND notice FOR ward no 2 but payment done kaafi dino se ago When will this be fixed??
bhai I want to report that नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward 16 में since the rain से We are very tired of this.
actually it's been over a fortnight and still main pipeline burst wadala water gushing out over a fortnight STILL not resolved!!!
trade license renewal pending for the past week shop ward no 17 Very disappointed with MC.
sir urgent complaint: ward 3 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi Kab tak wait karein???
tbh Hi, small fire powai near the park before it spreads plz come
Dear MC, WARD 42 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति for 10 day से बाधित है
Despite our previous complains, encroachment on footpath opposite the hospital wrad 13 pedestrians cant walk Disgusting situation.
tbh footpath pe encroachment hai at plot no 45 w-9 mein Disgusting situation.
bhai dear mc, footpath pe encroachment hai behind the mall ward 37 mein We are very tired of this.
you know This is to inform you that sewage smell unbearable ward 17 from 4 days kids cant go to school This has been going on too long.
sir respected officer, water leakage in the bylane ward 47 huge wastage please fix STILL not resolved!!!
you know hello sir, massive crater sized pothole at the signal malviya nagar sine महीने भर से We are very tired of this.
Despite our previous complaints, kal kutte ne kaata ek BACCHE KO BORIVALI mein URGENT karo
To whom it may concern, ward 10 mein mutation nahi HUA for 5 dayz se apply kiya tha
teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya w-2 ka kuda uthane
we the residents of ward no 24 want to say that water pressure very low in the bylane wardd no 24 past 6 hours barely enough
yaar urgnt complaint: w-17 ki raod bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
you know machhar bahut hain ward 9 kaafi dino se se spray kab karoge When will this be fixed??
urgent complaint: fire at building wardd no 7 at the corner please send fire engine Kab tak wait karein???
like i want to report that aaj fir gira mai ward 38 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche This has been going on too long.
tbh wire latki hui hai at plot no 45 shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
sir wadr 26 mein awaara kutte BAHUT hain bacchon KO kaat rahe
u see no public toilet ward no 27 near the school open defecation happening कब होगा काम???
yaar tax notice came again even after paying ward no 10
actually hello sir, mosquito problem sion outside my house no fogging for 5 dyas
you know It's been since THE monsoon AND STILL nali choke HO GAYI W-5 GANDA paani sadak pe aa raha
Hello sir, nullah BLOCKED Vile Parle mosquito breeding happening
u see We the RESIDENTS of WRAD 30 want to say that naam GALAT likha hai certificate mein ward 30 ka Disgusting situation.
I mean To whom it may concern, in our colony Powai में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है Nobody is listening to us.
actually hello sir, pothole in our colony ward no 15 bike accident happened yesterday
hi, ward no 25 mein paani band hai past 6 hours se log taras rahe hain This has been going on too long.
my scooter fell in pothole ward no 13 opposite the hospital i got hurt
wardd 3 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें कब होगा काम???
actually It's been FOR 10 dyas and still rood dug up for constraction NEVER repaired Govandi for 10 days कब होगा काम???
basically this is to inform you that costrution waste dumped on road ward 38 by builder
applied trade license for 2 days ago ward no 20 still waiting
I mean respected officer, wrd no 17 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain since the rain se bahut takleef We are very tired of this.
To whom it may concern, building permission ke liye since morning wait kar raha hoon ward 1
like Respected officer, no streetlight Govandi at the corner theft increasing Nobody is listening to us.
like dear mc, stinking garbage pile in our colony wardd 19 dogs spreading it everywhere Kab tak wait karein???
it's been 1 hafte se and still no water snce 1 hafte se in ward 39 when will tanker come
I mean I want to report that we r not getting water ward no 5 4 over a fortnight wat is happening This has been going on too long.
i want to report that w-18 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili Kab tak wait karein???
mutation request pending wadr 7 for the past week please process
actually Respected officer, garbage not collected Chembur snce the monsoon unbearable smell
We the residents of ward 15 want to say that new trade license not processed wadr 15 since last month We are very tired of this.
u see we the residents of ward no 9 want to say that bhari water leakage in the bylane sadak bhar gayi Very disappointed with MC.
bhai TO whom it may concern, mosquito PROBLEM ward 27 behind THE mall no fogging since the monsoon When will this be fixed??
yaar Dear MC, pack of DOGS chasing people wrad 31 VERY scary
bhai paani mein mitti aa rahi hai w-12 colour bhi change hai This has been going on too long.
It's been past 6 hours and still street light toot gayi opposite the hospital wrad no 2 past 6 hours se We are very tired of this.
tbh Hello sir, waste nto picked ward no 11 near the park for 10 days piling up on road When will this be fixed??
bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward no 20 mein from last tuesday lag gaye Very disappointed with MC.
Dear MC, paid ₹3500 property tax but still showing dues wrad 14
despite our previous complains, stray cattle blocking road wrad 5 1 hafte se
basically hi, garbage wala nahi aaya thane in front of my building since monday se STILL not resolved!!!
sir hi, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward 42 me past 6 hours se When will this be fixed??
street light toot gayi at the corner borivali 1 hafte se se Disgusting situation.
sir watr pipe cracked govandi at plot no 45 roaad become muddy Please take urgent action!!!
tbh Hi, death certificate not issued ward no 9 office since last night This is ridiculous!
We the residents of ward 23 want to SAY that new trade license nt processed wrad 23 for 2 day STILL not resolved!!!
builder NE maal at the junction wrad 1 road pe daal DIYA hata DO
hello sir, baarish ke baad drain overflow ward 49 mein roda nahi dikh raha STILL not resolved!!!
grabage wala nahi aaya ward 21 in the lane from 4 DAYS se Nobody is listening to us.
u see sewage smell unbearable andheri east sine last month kids cant go to school When will this be fixed??
despite our previous complaints, bhari water leakage at the junction sadak bhar gayi Very disappointed with MC.
dustbin bhar gayi ward 34 mein khali karo pls This is ridiculous!
actually Respected officer, cylinder blast near D-block Bandra West need immediate HELP
I mean dear mc, bandra west in our colony nali band hai past 2 weeks se badbu aa rahi
Hi, proprty tax portal down cannot pay bandra west कब होगा काम???
tbh machhar bahut hain ward 1 sine monday se spray kab karoge We are very tired of this.
tbh cow sitting on main road ward 18 traffic blocked
yaar builder started work at night ward 2 in our colony no permission This is ridiculous!
I mean it's been for 10 dyas and still w-9 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें When will this be fixed??
sir this is to inform you that ward 40 में कचरा गाड़ी since last night से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
i want to report that death certificate not issued powai office since the rain
basically We the residents of ward no 21 want TO say THAT street LIGHT not working ward no 21 OUTSIDE MY house past 2 weeks very dark at NIGHT
bhai Despite our previous complaints, major PIPE burst in our colony ward no 16 water wasting We are very tired of this.
you know We the residents of ward 26 want to say that pot hole near the school wardd 26 bike accident happened yesterday
yaar To whom it may concern, road condition pathetic ward no 16 multiple potholes for 5 days STILL not resolved!!!
actually urgent complaint: gutter bhar gaya w-14 mein log paani mein chal rahe
this is to inform you that manhole cover missing near station karol bagh someone will fall Please take urgent action!!!
sir paid ₹12000 property tax but still showing dues ward no 24
yaar hi, wrong property tax assessment ward no 23 property Please take urgent action!!!
Despite our previous COMPLAINTS, bacche ka certificate nahi bana wrd NO 8 mein since LAST month lag gaye
sir It's been from 4 days and still Kurla में व्यापार लाइसेंस from 4 dyas से लंबित है कब होगा काम???
big water leak w-11 past 2 weeks nobody coming to fix Kab tak wait karein???
actually W-18 में कचरा गाड़ी over a fortnight से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है Disgusting situation.
This is to inform you that wardd no 24 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
bhai ward no 26 ka property TAX bhar diya receipt nahi MILI When will this be fixed??
actually water has weird smell and colour W-16 We are very tired of this.
Despite our previous complaints, pipe leaking outside at plot no 45 ward no 28 creating pothole also Please take urgent action!!!
we the residents of ward 10 want to say that paani ki bohot problem hai in front of my building mein ward 10 ke andar
like urgent complaint: aaj bhi ward no 6 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo Kab tak wait karein???
This is to inform you that in our colony ward 3 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
basically Hello sir, WRAD no 5 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं STILL not resolved!!!
yaar respected officer, builder ne maal in our colony ward 47 roaad pe daal diya hata do
sir pipe LEAKING ward no 13 at the signal roda flooded When will this be fixed??
yaar dear mc, waterlogging after rain wrd 18 mosquito problem getting worse Disgusting situation.
To whom it may concern, construction waste dumped on ROAD ward no 11 BY BUILDER We are very tired of this.
dear mc, ward 28 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
tbh I want to report that massive crater sized pothole near the temple ward 11 since 1 hafte se Nobody is listening to us.
bhai We the RESIDENTS of Kurla WANT to say that wire latki hui hai in front of my building shock lag sakta HAI KISI KO STILL not resolved!!!
sir i want to report that open manhole near sector 7 ward 23 very dangerous especially at night
basically it's been for 2 days and still all street lamps broken w-17 completely dark
like water looks muddy bandra west at the corner for 2 days
I mean hello sir, w-8 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
sir To whom it may concern, ward 34 में नामांतरण since monday से लंबित है कब होगा
yaar This is to inform you that gutter overflow laxmi nagar people walking in waste water
I mean we the residents of powai want to say that powai में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है
like paani nahi aa raha ward 24 mein for 10 dayz se Nobody is listening to us.
urgent complaint: raod condition pathetic koramangala multiple potholes sine morning Please take urgent action!!!
yaar Respected officer, my building at the corner W-9 has no water from past 2 weeks what to do Please take urgent action!!!
hello sir, bhai w-12 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo Kab tak wait karein???
hi, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi w-17 me for 5 days se When will this be fixed??
sir To whom it may concern, Vikhroli में सार्वजनिक शौचालय past 6 hours से साफ नहीं हुआ Disgusting situation.
you know We THE residents of WARD 13 want to say that neighbor BUILT extra floor without permission ward 13 Disgusting situation.
sir Despite our previous complaints, main pipeline burst ward 3 water gushing out over a fortnight Nobody is listening to us.
tbh stinking garbage pile near the market ward 34 dogs spreading it everywhere This has been going on too long.
hi, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा wadr 2 में for 10 days से
like no water in w-19 from last tuesday
hi, road pe gadd hai outside my house ward no 12 bike wale girte hain Kab tak wait karein???
actually Urgent complaint: 3 people in my building got dengue wardd 48 pls spray
I mean it's been 3 din se and still koramangala ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili कब होगा काम???
yaar I want to report that Hadapsar का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें Nobody is listening to us.
I mean It's been 3 din se and still proerty mutation not done ward 9 applied 3 din se ago Kab tak wait karein???
It's been since diwali and STILL DHARAVI mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua since diwali se कब होगा काम???
sir To whom IT may CONCERN, CYLINDER blast hua AT PLOT no 45 W-19 mein emergency
I mean despite our previous complaints, road broken badly hadapsar at the naka car tyres punctured 2 times Nobody is listening to us.
actually To whom it may concern, pipe leaking outside near THE SCHOOL WARD 1 creating pothole also We are very tired of this.
yaar Ward no 3 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है for 10 days से कब होगा काम???
like we the residents of w-1 want to say that bhari water leakage near the school sadak bhar gayi
this is to inform you that malviya nagar office se birth certificate nahi mila for 5 days se
I mean To whom it may concern, dengue cases increasing Shivaji Nagar stagnant water not removed
I mean Raod dug up for costrution never repaired wrad 24 for 5 days
you know i want to report that commencement certificate not received wrd 15 despite approval Disgusting situation.
respected officer, wadr no 4 में outside my house पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है This has been going on too long.
sir urgent complaint: road tar came off past 2 weeks w-7 only stones left When will this be fixed??
basically नाली से बदबू ward 9 में since yesterday से असहनीय हो गई है
It's been past 6 HOURS AND STILL DIRTY smelly water SUPPLY W-10 PAST 6 HOURS HEALTH RISK STILL not resolved!!!
To whom it may concern, cow sitting on main ROAD ward no 25 traffic blocked STILL not resolved!!!
basically despite our previous complaints, nali choke ho gayi ward 45 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha कब होगा काम???
bhai Hello sir, ward 18 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है Disgusting situation.
hi, neighbor built extra floor without permission w-10
bhai I want to report that maa ka certificate chahiye W-15 office se 1 hafte SE ho gaye
basically Hello sir, ward 4 में for the past week से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। Disgusting situation.
you know to whom it may concern, water pressure very low near station ward 1 3 din se barely enough
this is to inform you that garbage truck not coming wardd 12 1 hafte se Please take urgent action!!!
Hi, footpath pe encroachment hai near sector 7 Kurla mein This has been going on too long.
To whom it may concern, pipe phoot gayi ward 19 in our colony mein paani beh raha hai
tbh despite our previous cmplts, ward 44 में at the signal कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Very disappointed with MC.
tbh HI, kachra nahi utha ward 48 mein over a FORTNIGHT se bahut badbu Kab tak wait karein???
I mean Respected officer, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward 24 traffic jam ho raha
like despite our previous complaints, aaj bhi ward no 7 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
I mean Public toilet wrad no 3 very dirty nt cleaned since the rain Disgusting situation.
u see it's been past 2 weeks and still wter leakage at the signal wardd 21 huge wastage plz fix This is ridiculous!
you know Hi, WARDD no 20 में व्यापार लाइसेंस 1 hafte se से लंबित है Kab tak wait karein???
bhai Pipe leaking ward 7 opposite the hospital road flooded STILL not resolved!!!
basically I want TO report that paid property tax ward 23 but RECEIPT not received Please take urgent action!!!
tbh urgent complain: wadr no 11 में 1 hafte se से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
applied FOR mutation 1 hafte se no update ward no 22 Disgusting situation.
basically Hello sir, unauthorized building W-13 please stop Very disappointed with MC.
bhai hello sir, builder ne maal in our colony sion road pe daal diya hata do
sir To whom it may concern, road full of potholes ward 21 since yesterday vehicles getting damaged STILL not resolved!!!
sir this is to inform you that कचरेवाले को बुलाया w-4 में पर कोई नहीं आया
TO whom it may concern, ward 33 में नामांतरण over a fortnight से लंबित है कब होगा
I mean urgent complaint: no response to building permission application ward 29 snce morning Disgusting situation.
Respected officer, ward 14 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
you know urgent complaint: w-16 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं This has been going on too long.
Urgent complaint: nahi aa rha paani W-14 mein plz koi to suno This is ridiculous!
I mean Hi, wardd 26 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं कब होगा काम???
basically it's been from 4 dayz and still ward no 14 mein mutation nahi hua from 4 days se apply kiya tha Nobody is listening to us.
sir It's been for 5 days and still paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward 41 colour bhi change hai This is ridiculous!
Respected officer, water not coming from tap near the park w-12
NULLAH blocked wrd no 6 mosquito breeding HAPPENING Please take urgent action!!!
yaar urgent cmplt: death certficate not issued ward no 28 office since the rain
to whom it may concern, death registered but certificate pending ward no 23 Nobody is listening to us.
this is to inform you that all street lamps broken powai completely dark
sir i want to report that property mutation nto done ward no 3 applied since the rain ago Please take urgent action!!!
actually to whom it may concern, कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward no 19 में पर कोई नहीं आया This has been going on too long.
tbh Illegal construction wrad 33 at plot no 45 without permission
hi, rood pe gadd hai in the bylane ward no 17 bike wale girte hain This is ridiculous!
bhai hi, online payment fail ho gayi bandra west mein paise kat gaye Nobody is listening to us.
sir We the residents of ward 7 want to say that tax notice came again even after paying wrad 7 Nobody is listening to us.
bhai Despite our previous complains, Pimpri office mein plan submit kiya 1 hafte se reply nahi
urgent complaint: manhole cover missing outside my house ward 36 someone will fall Nobody is listening to us.
u see We the residents of ward no 28 want to say that we r noot getting water wrad no 28 4 since diwali wat is happening STILL not resolved!!!
I mean It's been for 10 days and still maa ka certificate chahiye ward no 21 office se for 10 days ho gaye
tbh Respected officer, nullah blocked wardd 27 mosquito breeding happening
despite our previous cmplts, w-8 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Disgusting situation.
despite our previous complaints, gutter overflow w-18 people walking in waste water We are very tired of this.
to whom it may concern, encroachment on footpath at the corner ward no 12 pedestrians cant walk
actually dear mc, dog attack w-11 at the corner child got bitten please help STILL not resolved!!!
sir respected officer, my baby born 3 din se certifcate still not ready laxmi nagar
we the residents of santacruz want to say that santacruz office se birth certficate nahi mila from 4 days se When will this be fixed??
this is to inform you that कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 35 में पर कोई नहीं आया When will this be fixed??
tbh we called the garbage number 3 times ward 5 no response
I mean applied trade license 3 din se ago vile parle still waiting Please take urgent action!!!
u see To whom it may concern, dirty smelly wator supply ward 3 since last night health risk
this is to inform you that need death certificate urgently powai for insurance Nobody is listening to us.
Respected officer, death registered but certifcate pending wrad no 1 Nobody is listening to us.
hi, ward 14 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
tbh respected officer, mutation request pending ward no 2 kaafi dino se please process Disgusting situation.
actually i want to report that neighbor built extra floor without permission ward no 5
basically This is to inform you that dog attack ward 12 in front of my building child got bitten pls help Very disappointed with MC.
bhai Khadda hai near the temple ward no 29 mein accident hua tha kal Very disappointed with MC.
like urgnt cmplt: darin choked ward 24 since morning foul smell health hazard
urgent complaint: tax notice aaya hai ward no 1 ka lekin payment ho chuki
We the residents of Borivali want to say that Borivali में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं This has been going on too long.
basically wrd no 6 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi कब होगा काम???
basically Tax demand notice for w-13 but payment done for 5 dyas ago
Despite our previous complaints, ward no 6 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें This is ridiculous!
I mean despite our previous complaints, major pipe burst at the naka santacruz water wasting This is ridiculous!
hi, correction needed birth certificate wrad no 9 wrong name spelled Please take urgent action!!!
dear mc, dustbin overflowing ward 40 not emptied since the rain
W-18 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
tbh toilet band rehta hai ward no 6 mein kya fayda This is ridiculous!
I want to report that building permission ke liye since last month wait kar raha hoon wrd 25 When will this be fixed??
sir tax demand notice for borivali but payment done since last night ago Nobody is listening to us.
नाली से बदबू ward 26 में snce last month से असहनीय हो गई है कब होगा काम???
Respected OFFICER, kab aayega paani W-5 mein itna wait kar RAHE hain This is ridiculous!
you know dear mc, wter looks muddy wrad 43 near the market from last tuesday
this is to inform you that building plan submitted wadr 31 sinc morning no response We are very tired of this.
u see It's been from 4 days and still gutter bhar gaya Karol Bagh mein log paani mein chal rahe
like ward no 21 में near d-block अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
basically urgent cmplt: mosquito breeding open drain w-1 health risk Kab tak wait karein???
bhai meri beti ko dengue hua W-13 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua Disgusting situation.
tbh urgent complaint: teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward no 21 ka kuda uthane This is ridiculous!
Ward 24 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं STILL not resolved!!!
sir Hi, in our colony W-18 ka kuda uthao yaar since the rain se nahi utha
I mean hi, no streetlight ward 48 near the school theft increasing
I mean hi, neighbor built extra floor without permission bandra west Please take urgent action!!!
you know it's been for 5 day and still wrong proerty tax assessment w-16 property Please take urgent action!!!
you know hi, it rained and entire roda disappeared wrd no 16 only pits left
you know respected officer, dengue cases increasing ward no 23 stagnant water not removed Very disappointed with MC.
like Entire ward no 18 in darkness after 9pm since 3 days When will this be fixed??
bhai I want to report that ward 16 mein public toilet nahi HAI log bahar jaate hain
Hi, ward 24 outside my house mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi
dear mc, wadr 9 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति for the past week से बाधित है Kab tak wait karein???
I mean it's been since last night and still my baby born since last night certificate still not ready wadr no 18 Nobody is listening to us.
u see Hi, my scooter fell in pothole ward no 24 near sector 7 i got hurt This has been going on too long.
bhai It's been kaafi dino se and still ilegal constuction borivali at the naka without permission This is ridiculous!
Hi, trade LICENSE renewal pending 1 hafte se shop ward 42 STILL not resolved!!!
u see This is to inform you that Thane में मच्छरों की समस्या past 6 hours से है
actually hello sir, no streetlight ward 20 near the market theft increasing
basically It's been for 2 dayz and still property mutation not done ward 12 applied for 2 day ago Very disappointed with MC.
I mean i want to report that online payment fail ho gayi ward 48 mein paise kat gaye Nobody is listening to us.
tbh tax notice came again EVEN after paying wrad 17 This has been going on too long.
I mean respected officer, my shop has no license because wadr no 26 office not responding
yaar we the residents of ward no 12 want to say that death certificate not issued ward no 12 office 1 hafte se
This is to inform you that all street lamps broken wadr no 27 completely dark Disgusting situation.
u see khadda hai outside my house ward 25 MEIN accident hua tha kal
sir I want to report that paani ki problem hai ward no 27 mein since the rain se nala band hogaya Please take urgent action!!!
like ward 40 में at the junction कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध
We the residents of ward no 29 want to say that street light toot gayi near the temple ward no 29 since yesterday se
u see despite our previous complains, dustbin overflowing santacruz not emptied over a fortnight
basically despite our previous complaints, wardd 5 mein paani ka pipe since yesterday se leak ho raha hai When will this be fixed??
sir Ward no 17 में for 2 days से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
like Urgent complaint: no RESPONSE to BUILDING permission application Shivaji Nagar since 3 dyas This is ridiculous!
tbh swm worker absent from w-10 in our colony past 2 weeks
bhai it's been since the monsoon and still kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko wrd 8 mein urgent karo
applied for mutation 1 hafte se no update ward 6 Disgusting situation.
Respected officer, gutter bhar gaya Indiranagar mein log paani mein chal rahe
I mean I want to report that birth certiifcate nto received Powai office for 10 dayz
you know cow sitting on main road ward 17 traffic blocked Kab tak wait karein???
tbh we the residents of ward 10 want to say that toilet band rehta hai ward 10 mein kya fayda Nobody is listening to us.
tbh I want to report that toilet BROKEN and stinking Malviya Nagar nobody CLEANING
ward no 17 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
dear mc, aaj fir gira mai ward 41 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche
bhai Garbage truck not coming sion over a fortnight
bhai i want to report that road pe gadd hai at plot no 45 ward no 21 bike wale girte hain This is ridiculous!
stinking garbage pile at the signal w-10 dogs spreading it everywhere कब होगा काम???
It's been for 10 days and still ward no 5 में मच्छरों की समस्या for 10 days से है Kab tak wait karein???
dear mc, no water in wrad no 2 since last month
u see It's been past 2 weeks and still ward no 2 में past 2 weeks से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय This is ridiculous!
tbh i want to report that malaria fear w-18 drain not cleaned from last tuesday
sir hello sir, malviya nagar में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है When will this be fixed??
hi, online payment fail ho gayi thane mein paise kat gaye Kab tak wait karein???
I mean respected officer, aaj fir gira mai ward 7 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche
IT'S been FOR 10 days and still ward 41 में at the naka कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Please take urgent action!!!
you know Respected officer, at the naka ka footpath dukan NE gheer liya W-3 mein snce last night se Nobody is listening to us.
basically respected officer, in the bylane ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya wadr no 24 mein since monday se
garbage truck not coming ward no 26 from last tuesday
actually hello sir, bhari water leakage near station sadak bhar gayi
bhai urgent complaint: dharavi में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
I mean bacche ka certficate nahi bana ward no 29 mein for 10 dyas lag gaye We are very tired of this.
sir it's been from 4 days and still water pipe cracked matunga at the corner rood become muddy Nobody is listening to us.
I mean To whom it may concern, w-11 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
Respected officer, wateer filter getting choked daily Laxmi Nagar water very bad quality Please take urgent action!!!
tbh kab aayega paani wardd 6 mein itna wait kar rahe hain STILL not resolved!!!
like This is to INFORM you that PROPERTY TAX portal down cannot pay ward no 20 Very disappointed with MC.
basically hello sir, street light wire hanging loose in the lane wadr no 5 shock risk Nobody is listening to us.
hi, manhole open hai near the market koi gir jayega plese cover lagao This is ridiculous!
hello sir, mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani malviya nagar STILL not resolved!!!
this is to inform you that wrad 3 में कचरा गाड़ी past 6 hours से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है STILL not resolved!!!
wator noot coming from tap at the junction ward 26 STILL not resolved!!!
this is to inform you that death registered but certificate pending ward 18 Please take urgent action!!!
I mean Hi, encroachment on footpath outside my house wardd no 5 pedestrians cant walk कब होगा काम???
urgent complaint: pipe phoot gayi andheri east at the corner mein paani beh raha hai
cow sitting on main raod ward 19 traffic blocked When will this be fixed??
basically To whom it MAY concern, ONLINE payment fail HO gayi WARD no 23 mein PAISE kat gaye Very disappointed with MC.
basically urgent cmplt: khadda hai at the main raod ward 26 mein accident hua tha kal
I mean Urgent complaint: drain choked ward 4 3 DIN se foul smell health hazard
I mean i want to report that all street lamps broken ward 12 completely dark This has been going on too long.
tbh despite our previous complaints, my area ward 22 has not seen garbage van since since the rain
to whom it may concern, wadr no 14 in the lane nali band hai past 6 hours se badbu aa rahi
actually Hi, HUGE POTHOLES in the bylane W-7 very dangerous
ward 10 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं Kab tak wait karein???
actually This is to inform you that my building near the school ward 42 has no wator from महीने भर से what to do कब होगा काम???
Despite our previous cmplts, online payment fail ho gayi ward 8 mein paise kat gaye Nobody is listening to us.
like respected officer, stray cattle blocking roda ward no 27 since morning STILL not resolved!!!
tbh urgnt cmplt: water supply stopped ward 44 kaafi dino se residents suffering badly
paani mein mitti aa rahi hai wrd no 25 colour bhi change hai This is ridiculous!
tbh despite our previous complaints, construction waste dumped on road wardd no 29 by builder Disgusting situation.
u see registered birth for 2 days but certificate not issued vikhroli
hi, my shop has no license because wrd no 18 office nto responding Kab tak wait karein???
basically machhar bahut hain ward 39 since yesterday se spray kab karoge Kab tak wait karein???
actually To whom it may concern, stinking garbaage pile in front of my building ward no 10 dogs spreading it everywhere
hi, ward 6 ki roaad bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Disgusting situation.
bhai dear mc, ward no 14 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें We are very tired of this.
basically I want to report that garbage truck not coming w-11 sinc monday
yaar despite our previous complaints, road tar came off 1 hafte se ward no 16 only stones left This is ridiculous!
urgent complaint: paani ki bohot problem hai opposite the hospital mein pimpri ke andar
tbh death registered but certiifcate pending ward no 5 Very disappointed with MC.
bhai wrd 45 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain This is ridiculous!
hi, builder started work at night w-11 at the junction no permission When will this be fixed??
We the residents of ward no 24 want to say that street ligt not working ward no 24 at plot no 45 for 2 days very dark at night
actually oc application pending past 6 hours ward 36 office Please take urgent action!!!
this is to inform you that need death certificate urgently ward 13 for insurance
ward no 19 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe
It's BEEN over a fortnight and still water supply stopped ward no 25 over a fortnight residents suffering badly
u see I want to report that building plan submitted ward no 21 महीने भर से no response Kab tak wait karein???
like WE the residents of ward no 21 want to say that KAL kutte ne kaata EK bacche ko ward no 21 mein URGNT karo When will this be fixed??
This IS to inform YOU that W-17 mein DENGUE ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
bhai wadr no 27 office mein plan submit kiya past 6 hours reply nahi This is ridiculous!
u see Despite our previous complaints, garbage not collected W-4 past 6 hours unbearable smell Disgusting situation.
bhai to whom it may concern, mutation ka koi status nahi mila wadr 31 ka
I mean Urgnt complaint: mutation request pending ward no 27 महीने भर से please process Kab tak wait karein???
actually We the residents of W-11 want to say that main pipeline burst W-11 water gushing out 3 din se Kab tak wait karein???
manhole cover missing IN OUR colony W-3 someone WILL fall STILL not resolved!!!
actually Urgent complaint: road repair karo W-2 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar Please take urgent action!!!
actually Hello sir, trade license renewal pending from last tuesday shop dharavi
yaar We the residents of Kurla WANT to SAY that fire at building Kurla opposite the HOSPITAL plz send fire engine Please take urgent action!!!
actually i want to report that bacche ka certificate nahi bana w-19 mein for 5 days lag gaye
sir despite our previous complaints, cylinder blast at the main road karol bagh need immediate help Kab tak wait karein???
bhai This is to inform you that drain blocked Sion near the park sewage overflowing on raod
Many stray dogs powai near d-block biting residents This has been going on too long.
actually dear mc, road dug up for construction never repaired ward no 12 sine 3 days STILL not resolved!!!
we the residents of w-19 want to say that waterlogging after rain w-19 mosquito problem getting worse
Respected officer, aaj bhi ward no 23 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
sir respected officer, encroachment on footpath outside my house ward no 19 pedestrians cant walk
actually it's been for 10 dayz and still ward no 12 mein paani ka pipe for 10 dyas se leak ho raha hai Kab tak wait karein???
it's been since the rain and still कचरेवाले को बुलाया thane में पर कोई नहीं आया Disgusting situation.
you know Dear MC, कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 28 में पर कोई नहीं आया This has been going on too long.
I mean We the residents of Hadapsar want to say that building plan submitted Hadapsar kaafi dino se no response We are very tired of this.
u see Hello sir, kachra nahi utha ward 36 mein since diwali se bahut badbu
despite our previous complaints, at plot no 45 ward 1 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
I mean we the residents of ward no 3 want to say that mosquito breeding open drain wrd no 3 health risk
ward NO 21 में मच्छरों की समस्या for 10 dyas से है
I mean we r nt getting water ward no 6 4 sinc 3 days wat is happening Please take urgent action!!!
u see respected officer, potholes on main road shivaji nagar causing accidents since yesterday Very disappointed with MC.
u see Urgent complaint: stray dogs not sterilized wrad 7 population increasing This has been going on too long.
basically I want to report that Vikhroli से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र since 3 days से नहीं मिला
tbh i want to report that w-7 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye कब होगा काम???
Urgent complaint: khadda hai near the market wrd no 16 mein accident hua tha kal
bhai Hello sir, wrad no 23 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें Please take urgent action!!!
hello sir, khadda hai near the park powai mein accident hua tha kal
This is to inform you THAT W-16 mein public toilet NAHI hai log bahar JAATE hain
yaar raat ko construction chal raha tha karol bagh bina permission This has been going on too long.
u see Dear MC, ward 20 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र sinc last month से नहीं मिला
u see it's been for 10 days and still construction without plan approval w-2 Nobody is listening to us.
actually garbage collector takes money still not collecting wadr no 21 This has been going on too long.
I mean it's been for 5 days and still people dumping garbage at the junction wrad 14 very unhygienic
I mean ward 2 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
like We the residents of wrd 19 want to say that 1 light working out of 10 in ward 19 rest all dead Please take urgent action!!!
actually This is to inform you that building permission ke liye past 6 hours wait kar raha hoon ward no 4 This has been going on too long.
I mean Respected officer, ward 48 में near the school के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक कब होगा काम???
bhai wadr 39 mein paani band hai past 6 hours se log taras rahe hain Disgusting situation.
tbh hello sir, neighbor built extra floor without permission ward 39 Nobody is listening to us.
hi, at the corner wadr no 2 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko When will this be fixed??
yaar It's been since monday and still people dumping garbaje opposite the hospital ward 46 very unhygienic Please take urgent action!!!
tbh dear mc, wadr no 1 office mein plan submit kiya for the past week reply nahi Kab tak wait karein???
ward 46 में near the temple कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Kab tak wait karein???
actually ward no 1 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since diwali से नहीं मिला
basically BUILDER started work at night wrad 33 near sector 7 NO permission
I mean to whom it may concern, wter filter getting choked daily ward 27 wateer very bad quality
I mean despite our previous complaints, कचरेवाले को बुलाया bandra west में पर कोई नहीं आया Disgusting situation.
yaar stray dogs not sterilized ward no 8 population increasing We are very tired of this.
Urgent complaint: neighbor built extra floor without permission ward 22
garbage collector takes money still not collecting wrd no 6 Please take urgent action!!!
hello sir, garbage wala nahi aaya ward 24 at the corner since yesterday se कब होगा काम???
I want to report that road pe gadd hai outside my house w-3 bike wale girte hain This has been going on too long.
sir i want to report that wardd no 5 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं Nobody is listening to us.
to whom it may concern, massive crater sized pothole at the main rood ward no 24 since from last tuesday
actually We the residents of WARD 38 want to say that CYLINDER BLAST in front of my building ward 38 need immediate help Very disappointed with MC.
like We the residents of ward no 18 want to say that dengue cases increasing ward no 18 stagnant water not removed Disgusting situation.
actually Dear MC, ₹12000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 19 Please take urgent action!!!
bhai wter pipe cracked Borivali at the main road road become muddy Very disappointed with MC.
I mean hello sir, we r not getting water ward no 5 4 since yesterday wat is happening This is ridiculous!
I mean Hello sir, stray cattle blocking road WRAD no 6 since monday This is ridiculous!
I mean This IS to inform you that ward 49 mein paani ka pipe KAAFI dino se se leak ho RAHA hai कब होगा काम???
you know ward 20 mein paani band hai since diwali se log taras rahe hain
bhai Dear mc, ward 41 में for 10 days से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
we the residents of ward 21 want to say that gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward 21 traffic jam ho raha Kab tak wait karein???
tbh despite our previous complaints, hadapsar में नाली बंद है since the monsoon से सड़क पर गंदा पानी Kab tak wait karein???
Despite our previous COMPLAINTS, हमारे ward 25 में since THE rain से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे This is ridiculous!
basically fire broke out at the main road borivali fire brigade delayed Disgusting situation.
I mean hi, ward 15 में in the bylane अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
sir It's been since morning and still road broken badly laxmi nagar in the bylane car tyres punctured 2 times Disgusting situation.
basically brown water coming wrd no 20 children getting sick Very disappointed with MC.
I mean Respected officer, road full of potholes wrd 32 for the past WEEK vehicles getting DAMAGED Please take urgent action!!!
Urgent complaint: dengue cases increasing W-2 stagnant water noot removed
you know RESPECTED officer, dirty smelly water supply wadr 37 for 10 days health risk When will this be fixed??
I WANT to report that illegl costrution ward 25 in the lane without permission Disgusting situation.
like to whom it may concern, ward 17 in the bylane में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Please take urgent action!!!
hello sir, wadr no 22 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है snce the monsoon से Nobody is listening to us.
actually i want to report that nahi aa rha paani w-18 mein please koi to suno
tbh dengue cases increasing wrad 19 stagnant water not removed
I mean hi, ward 23 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
actually we r not getting wateer ward 12 4 since last night wat is happening Very disappointed with MC.
u see Dear MC, stray dogs noot sterilized W-12 population increasing कब होगा काम???
wardd 4 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति since last night से लंबित है Disgusting situation.
basically urgent complaint: नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा indiranagar में since morning से
bhai hello sir, pack of dogs chasing people wardd 44 very scary
basically Paani mein mitti aa rahi hai borivali colour bhi change hai
Urgent complaint: garbage wala NAHI AAYA Pimpri near D-block महीने भर से se When will this be fixed??
like This is to inform you that supply cut without notice ward 13 over a fortnight
this is to inform you that garbage truck not coming ward 20 for the past week Disgusting situation.
u see to whom it may concern, property tax portal down cannot pay ward no 11
Respected officer, tax DEMAND notice for ward no 2 BUT payment DONE since the monsoon ago Disgusting situation.
you know Dear MC, naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward 30 ka Please take urgent action!!!
u see property mutation not done kurla applied since morning ago This is ridiculous!
basically WE the residents OF Malviya Nagar want to say THAT naam galat likha hai certificate mein Malviya Nagar ka STILL not resolved!!!
you know urgent complaint: aaj bhi ward 38 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo कब होगा काम???
Despite our previous complaints, wadr 27 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
Despite OUR previous complaints, builder started work at night W-2 at the signal no permission
URGENT complaint: trade license RENEWAL pending since last month shop ward 23 Disgusting situation.
we the residents of ward 22 want to say that ward 22 में स्ट्रीट लाइट since diwali से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
basically dear mc, new trade license not processed ward 48 snce the monsoon
despite our previous complaints, aaj fir gira mai ward 41 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche Nobody is listening to us.
u see To whom it may concern, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward NO 29 में since the monsoon से
u see wardd 27 mein paani ka pipe since monday se leak ho raha hai STILL not resolved!!!
basically we the residents of w-11 want to say that waterlogging after rain w-11 mosquito problem getting worse
hi, no streetlight ward 11 in the lane theft increasing
like open manhole in the bylane govandi very dangerous especially at night Nobody is listening to us.
cylinder blast near station wadr 3 need immediate help Disgusting situation.
bhai Hi, commencement certificate not received dharavi despite approval Please take urgent action!!!
I want to report that TOILET gandy hai at the signal ward no 14 महीने भर से se safai karo When will this be fixed??
dear mc, building permission ke liye since diwali wait kar raha hoon ward 13
Many stray dogs ward no 9 near the park biting residents कब होगा काम???
sir this is to inform you that ward 29 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
hello sir, dustbin bhar gayi wrad 19 mein khali karo please This is ridiculous!
basically HELLO SIR, wrad 27 में AT the junction अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
hi, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward no 12 में over a fortnight से
actually i want to report that cow sitting on main road borivali traffic blocked When will this be fixed??
हमारे ward 35 में महीने भर से से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
basically Oc application pending past 2 weeks ward no 8 office This has been going on too long.
yaar hello sir, in the bylane ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya powai mein since last night se STILL not resolved!!!
actually Dustbin overflowing ward 28 nt emptied since diwali
hi, illegal construction ward 2 in the lane without permission When will this be fixed??
u see to whom it may concern, paid some amount property tax but still showing dues ward 1 This is ridiculous!
yaar Hello sir, dustbin bhar gayi W-3 mein khali karo please
I mean at the junction ward 42 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko We are very tired of this.
I want to report that my scooter fell in pothole ward 41 in the lane i got hurt Nobody is listening to us.
bhai hello sir, ward 49 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi Very disappointed with MC.
tbh hi, cow sitting on main raod w-8 traffic blocked
like despite our previous complaints, ward no 14 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
tbh despite our previous complaints, ward 34 mein paani ka pipe snce monday se leak ho raha hai
u see This is to inform you that ward 36 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है
sir Despite our previous cmplts, wrad 30 mein paani ka pipe since diwali se leak ho raha hai
you know ward 19 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है कब होगा काम???
tbh to whom it may concern, matunga में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
actually I WANT to REPORT that my baby born from last tuesday certificate still not ready WARD 46 Disgusting situation.
u see we the residents of kurla want to say that mutation ka koi status nahi mila kurla ka We are very tired of this.
basically we the residents of ward 44 want to say that water supply stopped ward 44 snce the monsoon residents suffering badly We are very tired of this.
tbh hi, building mein aag wardd no 3 jaldi aao This is ridiculous!
no streetlight ward 40 near the temple theft increasing Kab tak wait karein???
tbh ward 8 की सड़क की हालत खराब है for 5 day से मरम्मत नहीं Kab tak wait karein???
basically to whom it may concern, trade license renewal pending for the past week shop bandra west We are very tired of this.
sir Hello sir, FIRE broke OUT near the school W-18 fire brigade DELAYED
u see We THE residents of ward no 9 WANT to SAY that machhar bahut hain wrad no 9 past 6 hours se spray kab karoge Disgusting situation.
basically respected officer, malaria fear malviya nagar drain not cleaned past 2 weeks
applied trade license महीने भर से ago ward no 15 still waiting Please take urgent action!!!
you know i want to report that wrad no 13 में at plot no 45 अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है We are very tired of this.
it's been snce last month and still kab aayega paani bandra west mein itna wait kar rahe hain
hi, toilet broken and stinking borivali nobody cleaning Very disappointed with MC.
tbh sewage smell unbearable w-9 snce morning kids cant go to school When will this be fixed??
sir It's been since diwali and still big water leak ward 35 since diwali nobody coming to fix
u see We the residents of Dharavi want to say that Dharavi में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Nobody is listening to us.
I mean we the residents of ward 23 want to say that near the market wrd 23 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
hello sir, toilet broken and stinking ward 23 nobody cleaning
actually We the residents of ward 39 want to say that waste not picked ward 39 in the lane over a fortnight piling up on road
like tax notice aaya hai ward no 16 ka lekin payment ho chuki This is ridiculous!
street light wire hanging loose opposite the hospital kurla shock risk
like We the residents of ward no 4 want to say that ward no 4 में at the main rood के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक Very disappointed with MC.
i want to report that matunga में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें Please take urgent action!!!
Hello sir, tap is dry ward 6 past 6 hours please check the pipeline Please take urgent action!!!
tbh Water filter getting choked daily ward no 10 water very bad quality Nobody is listening to us.
like We the residents of w-2 want to say that w-2 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi We are very tired of this.
I mean to whom it may concern, nullah blocked ward no 2 mosquito breeding happening
actually it's been for 10 dayz and still manhole cover missing near d-block ward no 13 someone will fall
sir This is to inform you that water pipe cracked Sion in THE lane road become muddy कब होगा काम???
u see neighbor built extra floor without permission pimpri कब होगा काम???
urgent complain: ward no 7 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है since morning से
like HUGE POTHOLES at THE naka Borivali very dangerous
sir we r nto getting watr wadr 30 4 for 2 days wat is happening
bhai we the residents of wadr 15 want to say that ward 15 mein paani band hai since the monsoon se log taras rahe hain Please take urgent action!!!
THIS is to inform you that encroachment on footpath at the junction wadr 34 pedestrians cant walk This is ridiculous!
hello sir, कचरेवाले को बुलाया kurla में पर कोई नहीं आया
sir Wator pressure very low at plot no 45 ward 49 past 2 weeks barely enough
we the residents of ward 5 want to say that aaj fir gira mai ward 5 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche This is ridiculous!
basically people dumping garbaje opposite the hospital Powai very UNHYGIENIC This is ridiculous!
u see despite our previous complaints, water filter getting choked daily ward no 6 water very bad quality Disgusting situation.
Hi, fire noc required w-16 not getting it Very disappointed with MC.
Hi, kachra GAADI aayi hi nahi ward 1 ME OVER a fortnight se This is ridiculous!
like it's been since morning and still online payment fail ho gayi ward no 29 mein paise kat gaye
tbh dear mc, bacche ka certificate nahi bana chembur mein महीने भर से lag gaye
despite our previous complaints, potholes on main road w-10 causing accidents for 10 days This is ridiculous!
bhai Despite our previous complaints, ward no 11 में for the past week से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Kab tak wait karein???
yaar To whom it may concern, ward 34 mein kachra SADAK pe bimari failegi
bhai toilet gandy hai near the market wrad 29 snce diwali se safai karo Very disappointed with MC.
basically despite our previous complaints, ward no 7 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi Please take urgent action!!!
yaar Hello sir, outside my HOUSE KA footpath dukan ne gheer liya wardd no 20 mein since YESTERDAY se Kab tak wait karein???
urgnt complaint: ward 46 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for the past week से लंबित है When will this be fixed??
RESPECTED officer, GARBAGE wala nahi AAYA Dharavi near the school since last night se Please take urgent action!!!
bhai I want to report that wter leakage OUTSIDE MY house W-11 huge WASTAGE plz fix Very disappointed with MC.
tbh W-9 में 1 hafte se से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। कब होगा काम???
basically i want to report that my scooter fell in phole ward no 18 at the signal i got hurt Kab tak wait karein???
to whom it may concern, thane में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं This has been going on too long.
dear mc, entire wrad 9 in darkness after 9pm kaafi dino se कब होगा काम???
you know kab aayega paani wardd 28 mein itna wait kar rahe hain This is ridiculous!
sir Hello sir, wire latki hui hai near station shock lag sakta hai kisi ko कब होगा काम???
tbh teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya wrad 44 ka kuda uthane
hi, paani nahi aa raha ward 22 mein for 10 days se
teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya w-11 ka kuda uthane
tbh road full of POTHOLES W-9 past 6 hours vehicles getting damaged STILL not resolved!!!
sir Hello sir, illegl construction ward 38 near sector 7 without permission
Respected officer, WADR no 7 office hi NAHI uthata phone trade license ke liye This is ridiculous!
hello sir, mosquito problem thane at the naka no fogging from 4 days When will this be fixed??
you know public toilet w-12 very dirty noot cleaned past 6 hours Nobody is listening to us.
bhai wrd 24 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai Disgusting situation.
Hello sir, पड़ोसी ने ward 19 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली When will this be fixed??
to whom it may concern, wadr no 2 office se birth certificate nahi mila for 5 days se Very disappointed with MC.
like to whom it may concern, ward no 18 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye
like big water leak W-7 for 2 dyas nobody coming to fix STILL not resolved!!!
my building near the market WARD 2 has no water from since last month what to do Nobody is listening to us.
basically we the residents of ward 1 want to say that cow sitting on main road ward 1 traffic blocked This is ridiculous!
bhai this is to inform you that pipe toot gayi in the bylane w-17 ke paas jaldi aao Please take urgent action!!!
we the residents of vile parle want to say that garbaje collector takes money still not collecting vile parle This is ridiculous!
Dear MC, DEATH certificate not issued Matunga office since diwali When will this be fixed??
you know despite our previous complaints, bandra west mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi This is ridiculous!
footpath pe encroachment hai in the lane Indiranagar mein Disgusting situation.
actually Despite our previous complaints, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai W-3 colour bhi change hai This has been going on too long.
sir street ligt toot gayi outside my house ward 2 since last night se Kab tak wait karein???
Urgent complaint: machhar bahut hain ward 49 since morning se spray kab karoge We are very tired of this.
tbh we the residents of ward 10 want to say that mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward 10
tbh Hi, water leakage at the naka wardd no 25 huge wastage please fix
actually i want to report that near the park ward 41 ka kuda uthao yaar over a fortnight se nahi utha
I mean wrd 39 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें When will this be fixed??
I mean dear mc, nahi aa rha paani wrad 25 mein pls koi to suno
I mean hi, shivaji nagar ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Very disappointed with MC.
DEAR MC, applied TRADE license since diwali ago ward 16 still waiting कब होगा काम???
WE the residents of ward 18 want to say that brown water coming ward 18 children GETTING sick कब होगा काम???
yaar neighbor built extra floor without permission w-15 Very disappointed with MC.
like i want to report that footpath pe encroachment hai near sector 7 w-11 mein Nobody is listening to us.
you know need death certificate urgently wrad no 26 for insurance कब होगा काम???
u see builder ne maal at the junction ward 5 road pe daal diya hata do Very disappointed with MC.
Online property tax payment failed amount ₹3500 deducted bandra west
you know this is to inform you that trade license renewal pending from 4 days shop ward 6 When will this be fixed??
like it's been 3 din se and still garbage lying on rood ward no 10 3 din se disease risk Very disappointed with MC.
tax notice aaya hai ward 44 ka lekin payment ho chuki
bhai hi, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain karol bagh traffic jam ho raha
bhai ward 33 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Disgusting situation.
we the residents of hadapsar want to say that property mutation not done hadapsar applied since 3 days ago
like I WANT to report that ward no 29 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
like respected officer, water from tap w-3 yellow coloured nto drinkable This has been going on too long.
this is to inform you that paani ki bohot problem hai near the park mein wrad no 29 ke andar
I mean dear mc, ward 47 mein paani ka pipe past 6 hours se leak ho raha hai
I mean To whom it may concern, toilet always locked wadr 32 near D-block useless facility
I mean ward no 19 in the lane bina permission construction ho raha hai
actually i want to report that toilet gandy hai near station ward no 1 since last month se safai karo We are very tired of this.
sir ward 19 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
you know hi, maa ka certificate chahiye sion office se sine the rain ho gaye Please take urgent action!!!
u see Urgent complaint: ward 25 mein death certificate nahi mila 1 hafte se se urgent hai Nobody is listening to us.
you know fire at building ward 7 at the signal please send fire engine Very disappointed with MC.
bhai urgent cmplt: pipe leaking outside near the temple w-1 creating pot hole also
yaar dear mc, wadr 45 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua 3 din se se
tbh it's been since the rain and still indiranagar mein mutation nahi hua since the rain se apply kiya tha When will this be fixed??
sir To whom it may concern, pipe leaking wardd 46 outside my house road flooded कब होगा काम???
bhai Hello sir, road repair KARO Laxmi NAGAR mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
u see hello sir, pack of dogs chasing people sion very scary This is ridiculous!
yaar To whom it may concern, major pipe burst in our colony wrd 36 wateer wasting Please take urgent action!!!
u see Ward 36 office se birth certificate nahi mila since 3 days se Please take urgent action!!!
URGENT complaint: major pipe burst at the naka Dharavi water wasting
tbh it's been since morning and still it rained and entire road disappeared borivali only pits left Nobody is listening to us.
I mean i want to report that khadda hai in the bylane ward no 28 mein accident hua tha kal
like I want to report that ward no 20 office mein plan submit kiya since 3 dayz reply nahi
stray dogs NT sterilized ward 19 POPULATION increasing
bhai W-13 at the corner में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं कब होगा काम???
you know hello sir, potholes on main road vile parle causing accidents for 10 days Very disappointed with MC.
tbh i want to report that light pole broken sion dangerous live wire exposed Disgusting situation.
u see Dear MC, applied birth cert ward 23 since diwali back no movement
Despite our previous complaints, we r not getting water matunga 4 since yesterday wat is happening
wadr 22 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua over a fortnight se
basically despite our previous complaints, construction waste dumped on roaad wardd 27 by builder Please take urgent action!!!
daily wator supply disrupted ward 13 past from last tuesday pipeline blocked maybe
tbh kurla में sine diwali से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
like dear mc, paani ki bohot problem hai outside my house mein wrd 16 ke andar
dear mc, nullah blocked ward 10 mosquito breeding happening When will this be fixed??
bhai To whom it may concern, massive crater sized pothole at the main road wardd 23 since since 3 days
actually Hello sir, PIPE leaking wardd 19 near THE temple ROAAD flooded Kab tak wait karein???
it's been kaafi dino se and still garbage wala nahi aaya ward 18 in our colony kaafi dino se se कब होगा काम???
I mean respected officer, we called the garbge number 3 times ward 3 no response Very disappointed with MC.
you know i want to report that ward 28 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है for 5 days से
u see It's been since diwali and still ward no 24 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete
hi, kab aayega paani wrd 40 mein itna wait kar rahe hain STILL not resolved!!!
sir this is to inform you that ward 17 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए STILL not resolved!!!
actually footpath pe ENCROACHMENT hai at the corner ward no 18 mein
yaar despite our previous complaints, entire w-14 in darkness after 9pm महीने भर से Please take urgent action!!!
actually This is TO inform YOU that roaad full of potholes BANDRA West FOR 2 days vehicles getting damaged This has been going on too long.
sir to whom it may concern, oc application pending 3 din se wardd 18 office
basically raod repair karo Kurla mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
Dear MC, trade license ke LIYE since last month se wait KAR RAHA HOON wrad 6
tbh my area wardd 16 has not seen garbage van snce since 3 day Very disappointed with MC.
actually I want to report that daily water supply disrupted W-3 past since monday pipeline blocked maybe Kab tak wait karein???
bhai Urgent complaint: costrution without plan approval w-6 Kab tak wait karein???
To whom it may concern, ward 37 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं Nobody is listening to us.
u see applied birth cert w-2 since yesterday back no movement Very disappointed with MC.
like I want to report that nali choke ho gayi W-12 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha
u see it's been for 5 day and still wator has weird smell and colour w-11
to whom it may concern, constuction without plan approval w-15 कब होगा काम???
u see Hi, supply cut without notice W-17 for 10 dayz
i want to report that constuction without plan approval ward no 22 This has been going on too long.
I want to report THAT road broken badly wrad 26 at the corner CAR tyres punctured 2 times STILL not resolved!!!
need death certifcate urgntly wrd no 16 for insurance
We the residents of W-9 want to say that paani ki bohot problem hai near sector 7 mein W-9 ke andar Very disappointed with MC.
Despite our previous complaints, road tar came off for 5 days ward 7 only stones left
unauthorized building pimpri please stop Nobody is listening to us.
nahi aa rha paani ward 9 mein please koi to suno Very disappointed with MC.
tbh URGENT complaint: mosquito breeding open drian W-13 health risk
i want to report that paani nahi aa raha dharavi mein since yesterday se Nobody is listening to us.
wardd no 19 में कचरा गाड़ी past 2 weeks से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है When will this be fixed??
sir to whom it may concern, kab aayega paani wrd 49 mein itna wait kar rahe hain
bhai no wter sine for 10 dyas in w-16 when will tanker come When will this be fixed??
basically Dear MC, गड्ढे की वजह से ward no 26 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा This is ridiculous!
darin blocked wrd no 12 at the signal sewage overflowing on road
respected officer, ward 49 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
actually dear mc, major pipe burst near sector 7 ward no 1 water wasting Kab tak wait karein???
I mean despite our previous complaints, gutter bhar gaya w-8 mein log paani mein chal rahe This is ridiculous!
yaar Urgent complaint: khadda hai near station wrd 14 mein accident hua tha kal कब होगा काम???
We the residents of ward 8 want to say that wrad 8 mein paani band hai since monday se log taras rahe hain Very disappointed with MC.
I mean THIS is to inform you that MY scooter fell in pothole ward no 28 BEHIND the mall i got hurt
sir Hi, stinking grabage pile at plot no 45 ward 33 dogs spreading it everywhere कब होगा काम???
sir We the residents of w-15 want to say that kab aayega paani w-15 mein itna wait kar rahe hain Disgusting situation.
actually we the residents of chembur want to say that brown water coming chembur children getting sick Very disappointed with MC.
dear mc, water has weird smell and colour ward 14 Please take urgent action!!!
basically it's been sine diwali and still meri beti ko dengue hua andheri east mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
basically to whom it may concern, dustbin overflowing ward 9 nt emptied over a fortnight
yaar it's been since the rain and still malaria fear wrad 19 drain not cleaned since the rain
new trade license not processed ward no 7 for 2 days
dog attack ward no 4 in front of my building child got bitten pls help
like despite our previous cmplts, my building in our colony ward 17 has no water from since yesterday what to do
bhai despite our previous complaints, at the junction wadr no 5 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Very disappointed with MC.
like i want to report that no water since since monday in w-12 when will tanker come Please take urgent action!!!
I mean maa ka certifcate chahiye ward 26 office se since 3 days ho gaye कब होगा काम???
raat ko CONSTUCTION chal raha tha Bandra WEST bina permission
this is to inform you that ward no 9 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye We are very tired of this.
Tax notice aaya hai w-15 ka lekin payment ho chuki STILL not resolved!!!
basically unauthorized building govandi please stop
I mean urgent complaint: ward 31 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति past 6 hours से लंबित है STILL not resolved!!!
like We the residents of matunga want to say that property mutation not done matunga applied sine last month ago We are very tired of this.
drain choked Santacruz 1 hafte se foul smell health hazard Please take urgent action!!!
dear mc, fire at building ward 20 near sector 7 plese send fire engine Kab tak wait karein???
like my building near the park ward 10 has no water from since monday what to do This is ridiculous!
bhai despite our previous cmplts, constuction without plan approval w-5 Kab tak wait karein???
I mean This is to inform you THAT mutation request pending WARD 16 for 5 days please process Disgusting situation.
w-19 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Kab tak wait karein???
yaar Respected officer, wardd no 29 में नाली बंद है from 4 dayz से सड़क पर गंदा पानी This is ridiculous!
basically to whom it may concern, road condition pathetic wardd 44 multiple potholes from last tuesday
bhai this is to inform you that cylinder blast near sector 7 kurla need immediate help
Urgent complain: no response to building permission application wadr 7 since diwali
you know W-6 mein awaara kutte BAHUT hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Disgusting situation.
yaar Water pressure very low in front of my building wadr 34 kaafi dino se barely enough
basically it's been since yesterday and still ward 3 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye Very disappointed with MC.
tbh This is to inform you that water looks muddy ward 24 behind the mall since monday
actually respected officer, aaj bhi matunga mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo Please take urgent action!!!
hi, huge potholes near d-block ward 27 very dangerous Kab tak wait karein???
Respected officer, my shop has no license because w-8 office not responding This is ridiculous!
like this is to inform you that gutter overflow w-10 people walking in waste watr
MUTATION KA KOI STATUS NAHI mila ward no 12 ka This has been going on too long.
like hello sir, ward 44 mein death certificate nahi mila since the monsoon se urgent hai
tbh it's been for 5 days and still mosquito problem malviya nagar near the school no fogging for 5 dayz
yaar ward 26 में at the corner के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक Nobody is listening to us.
urgent complaint: tax demand notice for ward no 28 but payment done since the monsoon ago Kab tak wait karein???
this is to inform you that open manhole at the corner ward 34 very dangerous especially at night Kab tak wait karein???
hi, paani nahi aa raha ward 24 mein since 3 day se Very disappointed with MC.
dear mc, street light not working w-9 in the lane sine diwali very dark at night STILL not resolved!!!
respected officer, pipe leaking govandi at the main raod road flooded When will this be fixed??
actually We the residents of ward 8 want to say that bhari water leakage in our colony sadak bhar gayi कब होगा काम???
bhai opposite the hospital ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward no 14 mein for the past week se
sir watr has weird smell and colour ward 24 Kab tak wait karein???
yaar to whom it may concern, we r nt getting water shivaji nagar 4 since morning wat is happening कब होगा काम???
you know Respected officer, wardd no 7 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili STILL not resolved!!!
actually it's been from last tuesday and still mosquito breeding open drain ward 5 health risk
u see URGENT complain: ward 48 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
actually We the residents of ward no 21 want to say that ward no 21 MEIN dukan ka LICENSE renew nahi hua past 6 hours se Very disappointed with MC.
hello sir, no water in w-4 for 2 days
bhai dear mc, ward no 14 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe We are very tired of this.
tbh to whom it may concern, ward no 3 में व्यापार लाइसेंस since the monsoon से लंबित है कब होगा काम???
like daily water supply disrupted ward 30 PAST since morning pipeline blocked maybe Very disappointed with MC.
footpath pe encroachment hai at the naka W-7 mein Kab tak wait karein???
We the residents of Powai want TO say THAT machhar bahut HAIN Powai SINCE diwali se spray kab karoge
I mean hello sir, brown water coming ward 43 children getting sick This has been going on too long.
despite our previous complaints, public toilet indiranagar very dirty not cleaned kaafi dino se कब होगा काम???
I mean my shop has no license because ward 34 office not responding Please take urgent action!!!
u see Hi, ward 28 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है We are very tired of this.
basically to whom it may concern, neighbor built extra floor without permission chembur Disgusting situation.
sir many stray dogs ward 12 near the temple biting residents
you know Hello SIR, some amount bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward no 19 Kab tak wait karein???
sir urgent complaint: dustbin overflowing ward 3 not emptied महीने भर से Very disappointed with MC.
u see We the residents of ward 19 want to say that new trade license not processed ward 19 over a fortnight When will this be fixed??
Hi, waterlogging after rain ward no 15 mosquito problem getting worse Please take urgent action!!!
dustbin overflowing laxmi nagar not emptied from last tuesday When will this be fixed??
u see i want to report that wadr 48 में since last month से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय STILL not resolved!!!
yaar hello sir, bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward 4 mein since last night lag gaye When will this be fixed??
u see We the residents of ward no 21 want to say that wrd no 21 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति kaafi dino se से लंबित है We are very tired of this.
kachra gaadi aayi hi NAHI WARD 11 ME for 5 DYAS se Disgusting situation.
bhai Urgent complaint: water filter getting choked daily ward 45 wateer very bad quality
HELLO sir, paani nahi aa raha ward 15 mein since 3 days se When will this be fixed??
basically my area ward no 14 has not seen garbage van since sinc yesterday
We the residents of wrad no 17 want to say that gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward no 17 traffic jam ho raha
Dear MC, ROAD full of potholes ward 45 over a fortnight vehicles getting damaged This is ridiculous!
basically Urgent complaint: wadr 41 की सड़क की हालत खराब है sinc 3 days से मरम्मत नहीं Please take urgent action!!!
Respected officer, gutter bhar gaya ward no 24 mein log paani mein chal rahe
I want to report that ward no 6 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं Please take urgent action!!!
actually this is to inform you that ward no 16 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
u see gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward 44 traffic jam ho raha
sir to whom it may concern, raat ko construction chal raha tha ward 23 bina permission
you know Thane की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया Please take urgent action!!!
We the residents of Bandra West want to say that wrong property TAX assessment Bandra West property
my scooter fell in pothole ward 29 at the corner i got hurt When will this be fixed??
HELLO sir, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko wrd no 6 mein URGENT karo
w-17 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye कब होगा काम???
Aaj fir gira mai wadr 12 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche Very disappointed with MC.
yaar ward 43 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र since 3 days से नहीं मिला Please take urgent action!!!
Dear MC, W-18 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe
paani mein mitti aa rahi hai W-9 colour bhi change hai कब होगा काम???
tbh hello sir, property mutation not done ward no 1 applied for 2 dayz ago When will this be fixed??
we the residents of ward no 9 want to say that ward no 9 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
like Hello sir, wardd 33 at the naka nali BAND hai since 3 days se badbu aa rahi कब होगा काम???
basically hello sir, road broken badly w-5 in our colony car tyres punctured 2 times This is ridiculous!
you know despite our previous complaints, ward 23 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein We are very tired of this.
u see this is to inform you that neighbor built extra floor without permission wardd no 29
basically respected officer, my shop has no license because ward 11 office nto responding Nobody is listening to us.
tbh I want to report that w-15 में नामांतरण for 2 days से लंबित है कब होगा Kab tak wait karein???
u see hi, ward 28 में at the main road पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
bhai cylinder blast near the temple W-10 need immediate help Nobody is listening to us.
hi, khadda hai at plot no 45 ward no 6 mein accident hua tha kal This has been going on too long.
actually need death certificate urgently ward 5 for insurance Please take urgent action!!!
yaar it's been 3 din se and still no streetlight wrad 18 in front of my building theft increasing When will this be fixed??
you know registered birth since diwali but certficate not issued ward 40 कब होगा काम???
u see Hello sir, Karol Bagh में from 4 days से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
wrong proerty tax assessment bandra west propety कब होगा काम???
basically Hello sir, water has weird smell and colour ward 38 Very disappointed with MC.
I want to report that kab aayega paani wardd 38 mein itna wait kar rahe hain This has been going on too long.
u see despite our previous complaints, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward 36 me since diwali se This has been going on too long.
I mean despite our previous complaints, paani ki problem hai w-1 mein for the past week se nala band hogaya This has been going on too long.
you know To whom it may concern, santacruz का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें Nobody is listening to us.
tbh hi, w-5 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Disgusting situation.
To whom it may concern, नाली से बदबू ward no 8 में since the rain से असहनीय हो गई है
I mean this is to inform you that ward no 11 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति since morning से बाधित है Disgusting situation.
like laxmi nagar से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र महीने भर से से नहीं मिला
yaar respected officer, kab aayega paani w-13 mein itna wait kar rahe hain We are very tired of this.
u see respected officer, wrad 4 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Disgusting situation.
sir Ward 11 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है
Dear MC, building mein aag ward 16 jaldi aao Very disappointed with MC.
sir to whom it may concern, powai at the main road nali band hai past 2 weeks se badbu aa rahi This is ridiculous!
yaar it's been since diwali and still wrd no 7 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया This has been going on too long.
hi, wadr no 3 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय since the rain से साफ नहीं हुआ
u see it's been for 5 days and still paid property tax ward no 5 but receipt not received
urgent complaint: ward 38 में स्ट्रीट लाइट since last month से बंद है रात में अंधेरा STILL not resolved!!!
I mean to whom it may concern, waterlogging after rain chembur mosquito problem getting worse Nobody is listening to us.
I want to report that builder started work at night ward 28 in the bylane no permission
basically hello sir, maa ka certificate chahiye wardd no 23 office se for 5 days ho gaye STILL not resolved!!!
despite our previous complaints, garbage wala nahi aaya ward 19 near station for 5 days se Please take urgent action!!!
bhai hi, paani ki bohot problem hai near station mein ward 41 ke andar Please take urgent action!!!
I mean HELLO sir, KURLA mein death CERTIFICATE nahi mila kaafi DINO se se urgent HAI
like WARD no 26 mein public TOILET nahi hai LOG bahar jaate hain This is ridiculous!
basically we the residents of wardd 35 want to say that wateer leakage near the temple ward 35 huge wastage please fix This has been going on too long.
Hi, W-17 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली This is ridiculous!
bhai Dear mc, ward 18 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय from 4 days से साफ नहीं हुआ
I mean hello sir, malaria fear wardd 34 drain not cleaned from last tuesday Very disappointed with MC.
Urgent complain: 3 people in my building got dengue ward 32 please spray Please take urgent action!!!
sir It's been since the rain and still people dumping garbage in front of my building ward 38 very unhygienic कब होगा काम???
it's been from 4 days and still garbge lying on road ward 6 from 4 days disease risk कब होगा काम???
to whom it may concern, ward 15 में near sector 7 पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
despite our previous complaints, property tax portal down cannot pay thane This is ridiculous!
Hello sir, road condition pathetic ward NO 11 MULTIPLE potholes FOR 2 days Nobody is listening to us.
like it's been for 5 dayz and still footpath pe encroachment hai near sector 7 ward 3 mein This has been going on too long.
actually paid property tax ward 46 but receipt not received
yaar we the residents of w-9 want to say that w-9 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
tbh drainage overflow during rain ward 13 flooding streets
illegal DUMP behind the mall wrad 2 flies MOSQUITOES everywhere We are very tired of this.
to whom it may concern, mosquito breeding open drain ward 20 health risk Nobody is listening to us.
it's been since yesterday and still road repair karo borivali mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar When will this be fixed??
sir wrong property tax assessment ward 20 property When will this be fixed??
tbh To whom it may concern, footpath pe encroachment hai at the main raod ward 36 mein Kab tak wait karein???
entire Kurla in darkness AFTER 9pm since LAST month Nobody is listening to us.
bhai to whom it may concern, street light toot gayi near d-block bandra west since last month se Very disappointed with MC.
yaar road pe gadd hai near the park w-11 bike wale girte hain This is ridiculous!
sir dear mc, paani nahi aa raha ward no 7 mein for 10 dayz se
this is to inform you that applied birth cert ward no 5 महीने भर से back no movement
To whom it may concern, applied trade license since diwali ago w-4 still waiting STILL not resolved!!!
this is to inform you that paid ₹12000 property tax but still showing dues wrd 7
like i want to report that toilet always locked ward no 28 at the naka useless facility Disgusting situation.
hello sir, पड़ोसी ने ward 17 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली We are very tired of this.
yaar Stray cattle blocking road wrd 35 past 2 weeks Disgusting situation.
hi, ward 1 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए We are very tired of this.
tbh it's been since yesterday and still we called the garbage number 3 times ward 22 no response
actually trade license ke liye for the past week se wait kar raha hoon ward 35 Kab tak wait karein???
you know property tax portal down cannot pay Matunga This is ridiculous!
like despite our previous complaints, pimpri ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili This has been going on too long.
tbh khadda hai outside my house WARD 37 mein accident hua tha kal Nobody is listening to us.
to whom it may concern, no response to building permission application ward 4 1 hafte se Kab tak wait karein???
basically to whom it may concern, water from tap ward 46 yellow coloured not drinkable We are very tired of this.
sir despite our previous complaints, applied trade license 1 hafte se ago ward no 29 still waiting Kab tak wait karein???
Despite our previous complaints, malaria fear ward no 6 drainn noot cleaned for 10 days Very disappointed with MC.
you know i want to report that gutter bhar gaya ward 9 mein log paani mein chal rahe When will this be fixed??
u see Respected officer, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai karol bagh colour bhi change hai
u see i want to report that garbage nt collected wadr no 8 since last night unbearable smell We are very tired of this.
actually It's been 1 hafte se and still नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा W-8 में 1 hafte se से Nobody is listening to us.
basically ward no 13 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति for 10 days से बाधित है Kab tak wait karein???
despite our previous complaints, ward 38 at the signal में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं कब होगा काम???
basically building permission ke liye over a fortnight wait kar raha hoon ward 26 कब होगा काम???
it's been from last tuesday and still ward 16 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें Very disappointed with MC.
applied birth cert wadr no 24 past 6 hours back no movement कब होगा काम???
this is to inform you that ward 12 में since morning से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। This is ridiculous!
basically We the residents of ward no 12 want to say that kab aayega paani ward no 12 mein itna wait kar rahe hain कब होगा काम???
u see water has weird smell and colour wardd 28 Kab tak wait karein???
bhai ward 13 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है past 6 hours से
yaar despite our previous complaints, ward 40 में for 10 days से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
yaar to whom it may concern, ward 38 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi कब होगा काम???
like MOM ko HEART problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward no 26 Very disappointed with MC.
u see dear mc, w-12 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है since monday से We are very tired of this.
like urgent complaint: drain choked ward no 28 from last tuesday foul smell health hazard Please take urgent action!!!
sir dear mc, registered birth from 4 days but certficate not issued wardd no 2 STILL not resolved!!!
basically Dear mc, bhari water leakage at the signal sadak bhar gayi When will this be fixed??
like Despite our previous complaints, Chembur से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र kaafi dino se से नहीं मिला Nobody is listening to us.
w-2 में नाली बंद है 3 din se से सड़क पर गंदा पानी This has been going on too long.
i want to report that wadala में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है When will this be fixed??
wrong property tax assessment wrd 12 property Very disappointed with MC.
yaar to whom it may concern, mutation request pending ward 24 3 din se plz process We are very tired of this.
tbh Hi, stinking garbage pile near the park w-18 dogs spreading it everywhere This is ridiculous!
To whom it may concern, road condition pathetic ward 7 multiple potholes since the rain
It's been from 4 dyas and still kab aayega paani wrd 25 mein itna wait kar rahe hain This has been going on too long.
W-6 near station nali band hai for 2 days se badbu aa rahi कब होगा काम???
like it's been from 4 days and still khadda hai at the main road borivali mein accident hua tha kal Disgusting situation.
like We the residents of w-8 want to say that toilet band rehta hai w-8 mein kya fayda We are very tired of this.
I mean Waste not picked ward no 5 in our colony since the rain piling up on road Kab tak wait karein???
like This is to inform you that toilet broken and stinking WARD 36 nobody cleaning
bhai it's been since the monsoon and still road broken badly wrd no 12 in front of my building car tyres punctured 2 times कब होगा काम???
yaar This is to inform you that W-19 में नामांतरण 3 din se से लंबित है कब होगा
u see Hi, people dumping garbage NEAR THE park W-16 very unhygienic
bhai i want to report that wter has weird smell and colour ward 39 कब होगा काम???
yaar hello sir, ward 39 office mein plan submit kiya from 4 day reply nahi Please take urgent action!!!
you know respected officer, w-16 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
bhai urgent complaint: pack of dogs chasing people ward no 3 very scary
sir It's BEEN past 2 WEEKS and still Karol Bagh में behind the mall पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
you know Hello sir, GARBAGE truck NOT coming Mulund sine yesterday This is ridiculous!
it's been महीने भर से and still bhari wateer leakage in front of my building sadak bhar gayi
Hi, pack of dogs chasing people Shivaji Nagar very scary Very disappointed with MC.
sir brown water coming ward no 24 CHILDREN getting sick We are very tired of this.
TO whom IT may concern, Kurla में भवन निर्माण अनुमति from last TUESDAY से लंबित है We are very tired of this.
paid ₹5000 property tax but still showing dues ward no 1 When will this be fixed??
we the residents of ward no 11 want to say that online property tax payment failed amount some amount deducted wrad no 11
illegal construction ward 49 in our colony without permission
Hi, gutter bhar gaya ward 19 mein log paani mein chal rahe Please take urgent action!!!
I mean hi, pipe leaking outside outside my house ward 27 creating pothole also
actually This IS to inform you that swm WORKER absent from Hadapsar at the naka past 6 HOURS Kab tak wait karein???
dear mc, bhai ward 23 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
road repair karo ward 2 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar This has been going on too long.
you know hi, hadapsar mein paani band hai since monday se log taras rahe hain Kab tak wait karein???
to whom it may concern, paid property tax w-12 but receipt not received Very disappointed with MC.
you know i want to report that नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा powai में for the past week से
death registered but certficate pending matunga
like Hello sir, Bandra West ki roda bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
yaar ward no 10 में for the past week से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
basically This is to inform you that ward 5 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र since diwali से नहीं मिला Nobody is listening to us.
bhai hi, toilet gandy hai at the main roaad ward 31 for the past week se safai karo
tbh to whom it may concern, water pressure very low in the lane ward no 25 from 4 day barely enough कब होगा काम???
bhai garbage wala nahi aaya ward 4 at the corner past 6 hours se We are very tired of this.
you know dear mc, water pipe cracked ward 23 near station road become muddy STILL not resolved!!!
Mulund ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
like respected officer, bhai w-5 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
toilet always locked ward 12 in front of my building useless facility
tbh i want to report that road broken badly ward 14 near the temple car tyres punctured 2 times Very disappointed with MC.
you know Despite our previous complaints, Kurla ka paani smell kar RAHA hai bilkul nahi peete Kab tak wait karein???
I mean it's been 1 hafte se and still kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi govandi me 1 hafte se se Kab tak wait karein???
respected officer, w-11 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi
sir We the residents of W-1 want to say that W-1 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति over a fortnight से बाधित है
actually Respected officer, pothole at the naka ward no 9 bike accident happened YESTERDAY When will this be fixed??
bhai Death certificate nto issued wadr no 25 office for 2 days कब होगा काम???
i want to report that ward 21 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega
yaar Respected officer, mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgnt chahiye paani dharavi
basically Dear MC, near the school ward 3 mein PAANI khada hai mosquito breeding Please take urgent action!!!
sir to whom it may concern, people dumping garbage in the lane ward 41 very unhygienic
stray cattle blocking roaad ward 44 past 6 hours Kab tak wait karein???
u see Urgent complain: thane near sector 7 mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi Disgusting situation.
yaar raat ko construction chal raha tha wadala bina permission
DEAR MC, bhari water leakage at plot no 45 sadak bhar gayi When will this be fixed??
hello sir, commencement certiifcate not received wadr 22 despite approval STILL not resolved!!!
tbh Dear MC, tax notice aaya hai Indiranagar ka lekin payment ho chuki
we the residents of ward no 26 want to say that watr leakage in front of my building ward no 26 huge wastage plz fix STILL not resolved!!!
yaar this is to inform you that 1 light working out of 10 in ward no 12 rest all dead STILL not resolved!!!
I mean It's been for the PAST WEEK and still Sion में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं Kab tak wait karein???
tbh fire noc required w-18 not getting it
despite our previous complaints, road full of potholes mulund since monday vehicles getting damaged Disgusting situation.
HI, GUTTER OVERFLOW ward no 19 people walking in waste water Kab tak wait karein???
tbh W-17 near the school mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao Very disappointed with MC.
bhai ward no 22 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili Kab tak wait karein???
Despite our previous complaints, 1 light working out of 10 in wardd 11 rest all dead
dear mc, water filter getting choked daily ward 23 wter very bad quality कब होगा काम???
tbh hello sir, shivaji nagar near the market bina permission construction ho raha hai
tbh WE the residents of ward 39 want TO say that ward 39 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since THE monsoon से नहीं मिला Kab tak wait karein???
To whom it may concern, tap is dry Thane since morning please check the pipeline Nobody is listening to us.
water pressure very low near the park ward no 8 for the past week barely enough We are very tired of this.
basically I want to REPORT that street light wire hanging loose at the main road W-5 SHOCK RISK STILL not resolved!!!
sir NAHI aa rha paani wrd no 12 mein please KOI to suno This has been going on too long.
basically Despite OUR previous complaints, lgiht pole broken wardd 26 dangerous live wire exposed STILL not resolved!!!
actually This is to inform you that no public toilet ward 48 near the park open defecation happening
you know ward no 13 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi When will this be fixed??
To whom it may concern, drain choked ward 14 since the monsoon foul smell health hazard This has been going on too long.
Respected OFFICER, garbage nto collected W-11 for THE past week unbearable smell STILL not resolved!!!
despite our previous complaints, andheri east की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
actually hi, w-14 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
u see We the residents of W-4 want to say that applied birth cert W-4 from last tuesday back no movement Kab tak wait karein???
mosquito problem W-9 in front of my building no fogging since last night Nobody is listening to us.
u see commencement certificate not received ward no 21 despite approval Very disappointed with MC.
u see dear mc, dharavi का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें Disgusting situation.
Dear mc, water from tap ward 7 yellow coloured not drinkable Disgusting situation.
Despite our previous complaints, illegl dump in the bylane Wadala flies mosquitoes everywhere This is ridiculous!
sir It's BEEN for 5 days and still illegal costrution Koramangala behind the mall without permission We are very tired of this.
Hi, many stray dogs ward 33 behind the mall biting residents
bhai We the residents of SANTACRUZ want to say THAT gutter bhar GAYA Santacruz mein log paani mein chal rahe This has been going on too long.
u see wrad 40 mein mutation nahi hua past 6 hours se apply kiya tha Please take urgent action!!!
sir This is to inform you that no public toilet Santacruz near the park open defecation happening Nobody is listening to us.
like Despite our previous complaints, WADR NO 16 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua for 2 days se
hi, mulund में सार्वजनिक शौचालय 3 din se से साफ नहीं हुआ When will this be fixed??
basically hello sir, all street lamps broken ward no 7 completely dark STILL not resolved!!!
basically despite our previous complaints, garbage not collected w-11 for the past week unbearable smell Nobody is listening to us.
I mean This IS to INFORM you that roda dug up for construction never REPAIRED ward NO 21 for 5 days कब होगा काम???
like we the residents of vikhroli want to say that builder ne maal near station vikhroli road pe daal diya hata do Nobody is listening to us.
you know Urgent complain: road pe gadd hai near the park ward no 19 bike wale girte hain कब होगा काम???
We the residents of ward 11 want to say that wrad 11 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है We are very tired of this.
u see i want to report that wator supply stopped bandra west since yesterday residents suffering badly We are very tired of this.
tbh stray dogs not sterilized vikhroli population increasing
yaar dear mc, ward no 1 की सड़क की हालत खराब है for 5 days से मरम्मत नहीं This is ridiculous!
tbh hi, mutation ka koi status nahi mila wardd no 18 ka Disgusting situation.
tbh this is to inform you that no water in w-11 for 5 dyas This has been going on too long.
It's been SINCE 3 DAYS and still aaj bhi wardd 16 mein paani nahi aaya tanker BHEJO Very disappointed with MC.
To whom it may concern, ward 3 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं Kab tak wait karein???
yaar building MEIN aag ward no 2 jaldi AAO This has been going on too long.
I mean I want to REPORT THAT W-10 ki roda bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Disgusting situation.
sir Dear MC, oc application pending PAST 2 weeks ward 20 OFFICE Kab tak wait karein???
I mean Despite OUR previous complaints, opposite the hospital ANDHERI East mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding This has been going on too long.
tbh We the residents of w-16 want to say that khadda hai at plot no 45 w-16 mein accident hua tha kal
I mean 1 lgiht working out of 10 in w-12 rest all dead Please take urgent action!!!
huge potholes opposite THE hospital ward no 23 VERY dangerous Very disappointed with MC.
u see Despite our previous complaints, drainage overflow DURING rain W-1 flooding STREETS
Hello sir, commencement certificate not received W-14 despite approval Nobody is listening to us.
actually we the residents of ward 10 want to say that pack of dogs chasing people ward 10 very scary
we the residents of indiranagar want to say that नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा indiranagar में since yesterday से STILL not resolved!!!
tbh Hello sir, maa ka certificate chahiye ward 12 office se since yesterday ho gaye
This is to inform you that ward 14 mein paani ka pipe for the past week se leak ho raha hai Please take urgent action!!!
yaar We the residents of Laxmi Nagar WANT to SAY that dengue cases increasing LAXMI Nagar stagnant wter not removed STILL not resolved!!!
basically to whom it may concern, ₹5000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai santacruz We are very tired of this.
yaar Hello sir, tax demand notice for wadr 20 but payment done kaafi dino se ago
applied trade license for 5 days ago vile parle still waiting Please take urgent action!!!
bhai dear mc, toilet broken and stinking wrad no 14 nobody cleaning Very disappointed with MC.
I mean no public toilet ward NO 24 near THE market open defecation happening STILL not resolved!!!
hello sir, near sector 7 ward no 22 ka kuda uthao yaar sine 3 days se nahi utha This has been going on too long.
like To whom it may concern, WARD no 12 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है for 10 DAYS से We are very tired of this.
you know this is to inform you that death registered but certificate pending ward no 22
actually Hello sir, paani ki bohot problem hai at the corner mein ward no 22 ke andar STILL not resolved!!!
tbh ward 1 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega
u see we the residents of hadapsar want to say that illegal construction hadapsar near d-block without permission
bhai dear mc, cylinder blast behind the mall w-3 need immediate help
Paani ki bohot problem hai near the market mein ward 17 ke andar Please take urgent action!!!
bhai It's been since yesterday and STILL WATER from tap ward no 2 yellow coloured nto drinkable
yaar It's BEEN SINC morning and still wadr 49 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since morning से नहीं मिला
you know hello sir, road broken badly ward 39 near the school car tyres punctured 2 times This has been going on too long.
I mean despite our previous complaints, commencement certiifcate not received ward no 1 despite approval When will this be fixed??
bhai We the residents of ward no 15 want to say that death certifcate not issued ward no 15 office 3 din se
I mean w-14 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय since morning से साफ नहीं हुआ When will this be fixed??
sir Dear MC, supply cut without notice W-8 since 3 days
yaar Urgent complaint: garbage collector takes money still not collecting wrd no 14 Nobody is listening to us.
it's been kaafi dino se and still encroachment on footpath in our colony ward no 22 pedestrians cant walk Disgusting situation.
toilet band rehta hai wrd 37 mein kya fayda Kab tak wait karein???
tbh GARBAGE collector takes money still not COLLECTING Vile Parle
It's BEEN SINCE last night and still meri BETI ko dengue HUA W-19 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
despite our previous complaints, w-7 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Disgusting situation.
u see respected officer, cow sitting on main road w-11 traffic blocked We are very tired of this.
basically DEAR MC, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward 47 में since diwali से Nobody is listening to us.
basically we the residents of w-16 want to say that paani ki bohot problem hai at the signal mein w-16 ke andar
you know despite our previous complaints, trade license renewal pending महीने भर से shop w-14 When will this be fixed??
to whom it may concern, vikhroli mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi Nobody is listening to us.
Dear MC, toilet band rehta hai ward no 12 mein kya fayda Nobody is listening to us.
u see hello sir, vile parle mein sadak pe bade khadde hain since yesterday se bahut takleef STILL not resolved!!!
yaar urgent complaint: mosquito problem ward 4 near the school no fogging since 3 days
like urgent complaint: w-14 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें When will this be fixed??
We the residents of ward 49 want to say that nullah blocked ward 49 mosquito breeding happening
To WHOM it may CONCERN, near STATION ward 33 mein KUTTE bahut aggressive HAIN raat ko Kab tak wait karein???
Hi, gutter bhar gaya ward no 2 mein log paani mein chal rahe
you know Dear MC, nullah blocked ward 15 mosquito breeding happening
tbh garbage lying on road w-2 from 4 days disease risk Very disappointed with MC.
basically despite our previous complaints, trade license renewal pending since monday shop wrad 23 This is ridiculous!
basically respected officer, हमारे w-9 में kaafi dino se से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे Please take urgent action!!!
yaar major pipe burst at the junction ward no 4 wateer wasting We are very tired of this.
despite our previous complaints, ward no 24 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
Hi, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko Chembur MEIN URGENT karo
I mean to whom it may concern, mutation request pending wrad 29 since last night pls process
dear mc, meri beti ko dengue hua wrad 9 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua When will this be fixed??
you know We the residents of ward no 16 want to say that manhole cover missing in front of my building ward no 16 someone will fall We are very tired of this.
you know Hi, dustbin bhar gayi ward no 24 mein khali karo plz When will this be fixed??
yaar urgent complaint: muicipal tanker nto coming to wrad 46 since the rain Please take urgent action!!!
bhai we the residents of ward 46 want to say that near d-block ward 46 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Nobody is listening to us.
you know We the residents of WARD 4 want to say that WRD 4 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें Kab tak wait karein???
bhai Respected officer, wrong property TAX ASSESSMENT W-6 property
bhai It's been past 2 weeks and still ward 2 में व्यापार लाइसेंस past 2 weeks से लंबित है Disgusting situation.
respected officer, wateer has weird smell and colour ward 15 Kab tak wait karein???
Despite our previous complaints, at the corner govandi mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding
you know hello sir, illegal dump near the school wrad 2 flies mosquitoes everywhere
like ward 7 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Disgusting situation.
bhai kachra nahi utha malviya nagar mein past 2 weeks se bahut badbu We are very tired of this.
hi, road condition pathetic mulund multiple potholes 1 hafte se
tbh it's been from 4 days and still wrad 40 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
like Despite our previous complaints, huge potholes near the temple W-3 very dangerous कब होगा काम???
basically it's been for 5 dayz and still people dumping garbage at the junction ward no 23 very unhygienic This has been going on too long.
yaar my scooter fell in pothole ward 6 near the temple i got hurt
sir ward 14 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Kab tak wait karein???
applied trade license from 4 dyas ago wrd 21 still waiting Kab tak wait karein???
you know brown water coming ward 38 children getting sick कब होगा काम???
like hi, नाली से बदबू ward 18 में past 6 hours से असहनीय हो गई है Kab tak wait karein???
sir hello sir, wrad 24 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
u see it's been for 5 days and still paani mein mitti aa rahi hai chembur colour bhi change hai Disgusting situation.
sir Urgent complain: Matunga mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua since morning se We are very tired of this.
we the residents of w-15 want to say that illegal building ban raha hai w-15 mein rok do
actually dear mc, construction waste dumped on roaad ward 30 by builder Disgusting situation.
yaar despite our previous complaints, mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward 29
bhai we the residents of w-16 want to say that w-16 में नामांतरण past 2 weeks से लंबित है कब होगा
basically urgent complaint: w-4 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति sinc yesterday से बाधित है Very disappointed with MC.
actually despite our previous complaints, bhari wateer leakage near the temple sadak bhar gayi
I mean dear mc, mulund ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete
This is to inform you that wrd no 5 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Nobody is listening to us.
borivali mein mutation nahi hua sine last month se apply kiya tha
I mean people DUMPING garbge at the corner Matunga VERY unhygienic Nobody is listening to us.
i want to report that oc application pending since diwali w-11 office Very disappointed with MC.
Despite our previous COMPLAINTS, Bandra West में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
sir it's been past 2 weeks and still ward 27 office se birth certificate nahi mila past 2 weeks se
at the naka Chembur में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
tbh gutter bhar gaya ward 43 mein log paani mein chal rahe STILL not resolved!!!
THIS is to inform you THAT cylinder blast hua at the NAKA W-19 mein EMERGENCY
tbh my building at the signal ward no 8 has no water from for 2 days what to do Disgusting situation.
you know HELLO SIR, mosquito breeding open drain Vikhroli health risk This is ridiculous!
Many stray dogs wardd 47 near the school biting residents This is ridiculous!
actually urgent complaint: pipe phoot gayi borivali behind the mall mein paani beh raha hai This has been going on too long.
water supply stopped wrad no 25 महीने भर से residents suffering badly We are very tired of this.
like dear mc, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward 11 mein urgent karo
ward 32 में स्ट्रीट लाइट SINCE monday से बंद है रात में अंधेरा Kab tak wait karein???
tbh at the naka wadr 2 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding
sir fire broke out opposite the hospital ward 27 fire brigade delayed
like Urgent complaint: w-5 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi This has been going on too long.
sir to whom it may concern, wardd no 23 mein mutation nahi hua sine yesterday se apply kiya tha When will this be fixed??
bhai Huge potholes in front of my building karol bagh very dangerous Please take urgent action!!!
i want to report that property tax portal down cannot pay ward 17 This has been going on too long.
To whom it may concern, raat ko construction chal raha tha ward 48 bina permission This has been going on too long.
like gutter bhar gaya wrad no 24 mein log paani mein chal rahe Kab tak wait karein???
you know hello sir, garbage wala nahi aaya w-10 opposite the hospital 1 hafte se se Nobody is listening to us.
yaar new trade license not processed w-11 over a fortnight
yaar despite our previous complaints, no response to building permission application ward no 20 since morning When will this be fixed??
yaar Despite our previous complaints, andheri east में कचरा गाड़ी sine yesterday से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है This has been going on too long.
yaar despite our previous complains, municipal tanker not coming to ward 27 since the monsoon
bhai mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward no 9 We are very tired of this.
bhai illegal building ban raha hai ward 27 mein rok do
It's been for 5 days and still my shop has no license because Santacruz office not responding
yaar water pipe cracked ward 23 near the market roaad become muddy Please take urgent action!!!
actually wrd 38 MEIN dengue KE case aa RAHE hain fogging karo
basically Hi, waterlogging after rain ward 48 mosquito problem getting worse
you know despite our previous complaints, नाली से बदबू w-14 में since diwali से असहनीय हो गई है कब होगा काम???
I mean illegal building ban raha hai wadr 39 mein rok do Nobody is listening to us.
u see ward no 10 में since morning से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। When will this be fixed??
paani ki problem hai ward 38 mein since 3 days se nala band hogaya
tbh respected officer, pipe phoot gayi ward 31 near the school mein paani beh raha hai
I mean building plan submitted W-15 for 5 days no response Nobody is listening to us.
We the residents of W-9 want to say that garbage not collected W-9 past 2 weeks unbearable smell
basically we the residents of ward 29 want to say that wrad 29 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र for 5 dyas से नहीं मिला Please take urgent action!!!
This is to inform you that नाली से बदबू wrad 2 में since morning से असहनीय हो गई है Very disappointed with MC.
basically it's been for 10 days and still water supply stopped ward 7 for 10 days residents suffering badly Kab tak wait karein???
sir To whom it may concern, Vikhroli में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं Kab tak wait karein???
despite our previous complaints, at the main road mulund में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
I want to report that correction needed BIRTH CERTFICATE ward 45 wrong name spelled Disgusting situation.
u see respected officer, applied for mutation past 6 hours no update ward 9 Kab tak wait karein???
basically Respected officer, no public toilet w-18 behind the mall open defecation happening
yaar hi, stray dogs not sterilized ward 7 population increasing
I mean to whom it may concern, toilet gandy hai opposite the hospital santacruz since 3 days se safai karo Kab tak wait karein???
you know drainn blocked BORIVALI at the naka SEWAGE overflowing ON road This has been going on too long.
like paid ₹3500 propety tax but still showing dues ward 6 Kab tak wait karein???
u see We the residents of ward 44 want to say that property tax portal down cannot pay wadr 44
Hi, toilet band rehta hai ward no 1 mein kya fayda Very disappointed with MC.
you know I want TO report THAT correction needed birth certificate wrad 20 wrong name spelled STILL not resolved!!!
yaar dear mc, ward 36 mein paani ka pipe past 2 weeks se leak ho raha hai Kab tak wait karein???
yaar no water in ward 28 for 5 days
despite our previous complaints, ward no 3 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है
hello sir, no water in w-13 since yesterday STILL not resolved!!!
sir people dumping grabage at plot no 45 w-3 very unhygienic
you know hello sir, huge potholes at plot no 45 ward 13 very dangerous Kab tak wait karein???
yaar To whom it may concern, my shop has no license because Mulund office not responding Kab tak wait karein???
khadda hai near the school WARD 20 mein accident HUA tha kal This is ridiculous!
yaar NO water snce FROM 4 days in ward no 8 WHEN will tanker come We are very tired of this.
basically cylinder blast hua opposite the hospital wadr no 8 MEIN emergency Disgusting situation.
I mean dear mc, main pipeline burst ward 41 water gushing out since yesterday
u see supply cut without notice vile parle since last month
yaar Hello sir, BIRTH certificate noot received W-17 office since the monsoon
u see Respected officer, wardd 24 outside my house nali band hai since the rain se badbu aa rahi
Hello sir, garbage truck noot coming wardd 45 past 2 weeks We are very tired of this.
yaar Despite our previous complaints, wardd no 9 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain When will this be fixed??
sir i want to report that mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani w-7 Kab tak wait karein???
I mean Dear mc, meri beti ko dengue hua w-18 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua We are very tired of this.
dear mc, bhai matunga me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo Kab tak wait karein???
actually Despite OUR previous COMPLAINTS, PAANI ki bohot problem HAI near the school mein Andheri East ke andar STILL not resolved!!!
actually It's been past 2 weeks and still illegl dump in the bylane shivaji nagar flies mosquitoes everywhere Please take urgent action!!!
actually urgent complain: nali choke ho gayi ward 6 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha
like HI, हमारे Matunga में since yesterday से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
actually kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko w-3 mein urgent karo Nobody is listening to us.
Hello SIR, MATUNGA में sine morning से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Kab tak wait karein???
Hello SIR, dustbin overflowing WRD 22 NOT emptied over a fortnight This has been going on too long.
actually despite our previous complaints, street light not working wadr 25 at plot no 45 past 2 weeks very dark at night We are very tired of this.
you know gutter bhar gaya ward 3 mein log paani mein chal rahe This has been going on too long.
urgent complaint: need death certificate urgently w-17 for insurance Nobody is listening to us.
Hello sir, pipe leaking ward 8 near station road flooded कब होगा काम???
actually I want to report that need DEATH certiifcate URGENTly VILE Parle for insurance Kab tak wait karein???
tbh respected officer, at the main road ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward no 22 mein over a fortnight se This has been going on too long.
you know Tax demand notice for wrd 19 but payment done from 4 days ago When will this be fixed??
urgent complaint: illegal building ban raha hai ward 18 mein rok do Please take urgent action!!!
it's been since last month and still matunga office mein plan submit kiya snce last month reply nahi
tbh Despite our previous complaints, Sion में व्यापार लाइसेंस sine the RAIN से लंबित है
actually respected officer, paid property tax ward 45 but receipt not received
sir ilegal dump in the lane ward no 3 flies mosquitoes everywhere When will this be fixed??
like पड़ोसी ने ward 30 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली Kab tak wait karein???
tbh This is to inform you that birth certificate not received ward 12 office since diwali We are very tired of this.
actually Hi, ward 12 mein death certificate nahi mila kaafi dino se se urgent hai Please take urgent action!!!
tbh urgent complaint: public toilet mulund very dirty noot cleaned since 3 dyas कब होगा काम???
tbh ward 27 में from last tuesday से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय STILL not resolved!!!
actually wrd 21 में नाली बंद है PAST 2 weeks से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
I mean We the residents of ward 34 want to say that paani ki bohot problem hai in the bylane mein ward 34 ke andar कब होगा काम???
u see safai nahi ho rahi santacruz for 2 days se kachra uthao na
you know respected officer, pack of dogs chasing people ward 23 very scary This has been going on too long.
Dear MC, wadr no 15 में near sector 7 पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है This has been going on too long.
tbh Wadr 12 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe This has been going on too long.
we the residents of ward 27 want to say that wardd 27 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Kab tak wait karein???
sir urgent complain: death certificate not issued thane office over a fortnight STILL not resolved!!!
applied for mutation past 2 weeks no update ward 22 We are very tired of this.
we the residents of ward no 3 want to say that potholes on main raod ward no 3 causing accidents 3 din se Very disappointed with MC.
small fire ward 48 at the naka before it spreads plz come STILL not resolved!!!
bhai hi, santacruz ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete कब होगा काम???
ward no 23 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
Hello sir, maa ka certifcate chahiye wrd no 25 office se snce last night ho gaye
bhai respected officer, people dumping garbaje at the signal ward no 16 very unhygienic Nobody is listening to us.
you know this is to inform you that pipe toot gayi opposite the hospital ward no 29 ke paas jaldi aao कब होगा काम???
basically कचरेवाले को बुलाया W-3 में पर कोई नहीं आया STILL not resolved!!!
hello sir, applied for mutation for 10 days no update w-17 STILL not resolved!!!
u see we the residents of ward 19 want to say that gutter bhar gaya ward 19 mein log paani mein chal rahe When will this be fixed??
u see This is to inform you that dengue cases increasing ward no 29 stagnant water nto removed This is ridiculous!
i want to report that dog attack ward 18 at the signal child got bitten pls help STILL not resolved!!!
basically This IS to inform you that open manhole at the junction ward 48 VERY dangerous ESPECIALLY AT night कब होगा काम???
you know Hello sir, W-13 में कचरा गाड़ी for 2 days से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
ward 42 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Kab tak wait karein???
u see w-14 में कचरा गाड़ी 3 din se से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
bhai despite our previous complaints, laxmi nagar mein death certificate nahi mila since last night se urgent hai
like ward 29 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi Very disappointed with MC.
i want to report that birth certificate nt received w-17 office since last month कब होगा काम???
u see Despite OUR previous COMPLAINTS, Shivaji Nagar NEAR the park में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Kab tak wait karein???
I mean i want to report that ward 46 near the temple bina permission construction ho raha hai Kab tak wait karein???
yaar despite our previous complaints, near the school ward no 5 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko This has been going on too long.
actually hi, paid property tax w-12 but receipt not received This is ridiculous!
u see despite our previous complains, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya w-7 ka kuda uthane Nobody is listening to us.
kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko pimpri mein urgent karo
bhai To WHOM it MAY concern, online payment fail ho gayi W-11 mein paise kat gaye Nobody is listening to us.
tbh I want to report that all STREET lamps broken ward no 10 completely DARK
road repair karo laxmi nagar mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
tbh Respected officer, main pipeline burst ward 41 WATER gushing out past 6 hours Kab tak wait karein???
I want to report that swm worker absent from ward 39 at the signal for the PAST week कब होगा काम???
I mean dear mc, w-5 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र 1 hafte se से नहीं मिला
bhai Stray dogs not sterilized wrd no 2 population increasing When will this be fixed??
you know road broken badly ward 25 at THE corner car tyres punctured 2 TIMES
indiranagar mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo STILL not resolved!!!
like Dear MC, toilet always locked W-4 in THE BYLANE USELESS facility This has been going on too long.
like construction without plan approval wadr 28 We are very tired of this.
basically hello sir, potholes on main raod vile parle causing accidents since 3 days This has been going on too long.
tbh it's been past 2 weeks and still wadr 15 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo STILL not resolved!!!
you know Dear MC, applied birth cert ward no 6 since last night back no movement Nobody is listening to us.
Hi, builder started work at night ward 20 near the school no permission
i want to report that raat ko construction chal raha tha ward no 10 bina permission Please take urgent action!!!
I mean Dear MC, W-11 में for 10 dyas से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। When will this be fixed??
u see W-4 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है since the monsoon से
u see respected officer, tax notice aaya hai govandi ka lekin payment ho chuki When will this be fixed??
It's been since morning and still nahi aa rha paani W-2 mein plz koi to suno STILL not resolved!!!
basically hello sir, maa ka certficate chahiye w-14 office se from last tuesday ho gaye Disgusting situation.
like Hi, illegal DUMP at the main road ward 3 flies mosquitoes EVERYWHERE
i want to report that ward 44 में at the main road अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है Very disappointed with MC.
you know Dear MC, dog attack ward no 29 AT plot no 45 child got bitten please HELP
we the residents of wadala want to say that commencement certificate not received wadala despite approval Very disappointed with MC.
like hello sir, drainage overflow during rain w-17 flooding streets
basically urgent complaint: no water snce for the past week in ward 40 when will tanker come Nobody is listening to us.
actually i want to report that stinking garbage pile in our colony malviya nagar dogs spreading it everywhere Kab tak wait karein???
you know DESPITE our previous cmplts, my shop HAS no LICENSE because wardd 33 office not responding
Hi, dog attack W-9 in the bylane child GOT bitten pleese help
yaar to whom it may concern, road pe gadd hai near the park ward 2 bike wale girte hain This is ridiculous!
u see to whom it may concern, registered birth past 2 weeks but certificate not issued ward 7 This is ridiculous!
DEAR MC, paani nahi AA raha ward no 4 mein from last tuesday se
water pipe cracked ward 21 in our colony roaad become muddy
hello sir, illegal dump outside my house ward no 22 flies mosquitoes everywhere STILL not resolved!!!
Dear MC, daily WATER supply disrupted ward no 6 past SINCE last NIGHT pipeline blocked maybe
urgent complain: ward 41 में from last tuesday से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
yaar w-10 ka proerty tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili This is ridiculous!
kachra nahi utha ward no 6 mein past 6 hours se bahut badbu
i want to report that ward 26 में at the main road कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध
sir To whom it may concern, ward 42 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं कब होगा काम???
you know water pressure very low in front of my building wadr 44 since 3 dyas barely enough Kab tak wait karein???
yaar We the residents of wadr no 29 want to say that online payment fail ho gayi wrad no 29 mein paise kat gaye
you know URGNT complain: brown watr coming WARD no 11 children getting sick
tbh it's been since yesterday and still neighbor built extra floor without permission ward no 22 This has been going on too long.
basically dear mc, nahi aa rha paani wrad 38 mein pls koi to suno Kab tak wait karein???
u see This is to inform you that Shivaji Nagar की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
basically Hi, construction without plan approval ward 4
yaar dear mc, indiranagar से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र महीने भर से से नहीं मिला Kab tak wait karein???
I mean this is to inform you that at the corner powai ka kuda uthao yaar महीने भर से se nahi utha
bhai dustbin bhar gayi ward 4 mein khali karo plz कब होगा काम???
yaar urgent complaint: drainage overflow during rain ward 35 flooding streets Kab tak wait karein???
I mean dear mc, pipe phoot gayi ward no 9 in the bylane mein paani beh raha hai कब होगा काम???
DESPITE our previous complaints, ward 37 MEIN paani band hai since DIWALI SE log taras rahe hain
actually hi, huge potholes in front of my building sion very dangerous
hello sir, road condition pathetic ward no 21 multiple potholes from 4 days This has been going on too long.
like To whom it may concern, meri beti ko dengue hua wadr 23 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua Nobody is listening to us.
basically this is to inform you that w-4 में at the signal पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है STILL not resolved!!!
actually ward no 2 in our colony mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
like nahi aa rha paani wrd no 20 mein please koi to suno
you know we the residents of w-16 want to say that maa ka certificate chahiye w-16 office se since diwali ho gaye This is ridiculous!
bhai to whom it may concern, my building near sector 7 wrd 26 has no water from 3 din se what to do
actually To whom it may concern, ward 8 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
basically dear mc, w-6 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति since the monsoon से लंबित है
despite our previous complaints, ward 14 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
actually registered birth kaafi dino se but certificate not issued ward 24
bhai Hello sir, govandi में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं Kab tak wait karein???
W-18 में व्यापार लाइसेंस kaafi dino se से लंबित है
like respected officer, w-10 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo Nobody is listening to us.
नाली से बदबू ward 7 में since yesterday से असहनीय हो गई है This is ridiculous!
actually road pe gadd hai near station w-2 bike wale girte hain
to whom it may concern, water supply stopped govandi snce diwali residents suffering badly Nobody is listening to us.
tbh Urgent complain: W-7 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति since monday से बाधित है STILL not resolved!!!
respected officer, registered birth for 10 day but certificate not issued ward no 15
u see urgent complaint: brown wator coming w-12 children getting sick When will this be fixed??
yaar To whom it may concern, bhari water leakage in our colony sadak bhar gayi Disgusting situation.
yaar paid property tax w-8 but receipt not received कब होगा काम???
like despite our previous complaints, mosquito breeding open drain ward 5 health risk Very disappointed with MC.
sir it's been 1 hafte se and still builder ne maal at the naka wadr 8 road pe daal diya hata do कब होगा काम???
We the residents of W-5 want to say that road tar came off महीने भर से W-5 only stones left
I mean to whom it may concern, huge potholes opposite the hospital w-3 very dangerous Please take urgent action!!!
like no response to building permission application wardd 26 for the past week We are very tired of this.
basically dear mc, wateer leakage in the lane ward no 10 huge wastage please fix
bhai no response to building permission application ward no 27 since yesterday
yaar Stray dogs nto sterilized wadr 25 population increasing STILL not resolved!!!
sir garbage not collected ward 2 since diwali unbearable smell Kab tak wait karein???
you know To whom it may concern, wadr no 15 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है Kab tak wait karein???
To whom it may concern, opposite the hospital ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya W-15 mein for 10 days se
bhai we the residents of borivali want to say that borivali mein sadak pe bade khadde hain 3 din se se bahut takleef We are very tired of this.
malaria fear ward 32 drain nto cleaned for 2 days
hello sir, paani nahi aa raha ward 39 mein for the past week se Nobody is listening to us.
u see this is to inform you that people dumping garbage behind the mall ward no 25 very unhygienic Very disappointed with MC.
It's been from 4 day and STILL stray dogs nto STERILIZED WARD no 29 population increasing Nobody is listening to us.
basically this is to inform you that street light wire hanging loose outside my house dharavi shock risk Disgusting situation.
I mean we the residents of wrad 3 want to say that meri beti ko dengue hua ward 3 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua कब होगा काम???
despite our previous complaints, andheri east में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं When will this be fixed??
you know small fire vile parle at the signal before it spreads plese come We are very tired of this.
yaar To whom it may concern, ward 21 mein paani ka pipe 1 hafte se se leak ho raha hai Very disappointed with MC.
like Hi, wadr no 2 near THE temple mein aag LAGI hai fire brigade bulao When will this be fixed??
tbh To whom it may concern, ward 14 में नाली बंद है since last night से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
bhai we the residents of w-17 want to say that light pole broken w-17 dangerous live wire exposed
like i want to report that nahi aa rha paani w-5 mein plz koi to suno We are very tired of this.
u see despite our previous complaints, andheri east में outside my house अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है Nobody is listening to us.
It's BEEN FOR 10 DAYS and still online payment fail ho gayi W-3 mein paise kat gaye
yaar dear mc, unauthorized building ward no 19 please stop Very disappointed with MC.
to whom it may concern, naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward 30 ka
many stray dogs ward 19 outside my house biting residents
I mean it's been over a fortnight and still wadr no 23 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है over a fortnight से This has been going on too long.
bhai TO whom it may concern, wrong PROPERTY tax assessment ward no 13 property Please take urgent action!!!
actually toilet gandy hai at plot no 45 wardd no 6 3 din se se safai karo कब होगा काम???
Respected officer, kachra nahi utha w-10 mein sine yesterday se bahut badbu
I mean to whom it may concern, wrd no 4 at the naka mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
sir this is to inform you that safai nahi ho rahi santacruz snce the rain se kachra uthao na Kab tak wait karein???
i want to report that waste not picked ward no 27 in front of my building since the rain piling up on rood कब होगा काम???
tbh it's been since the rain and still building plan submitted santacruz since the rain no response
actually ward 17 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge This has been going on too long.
hello sir, dengue cases increasing ward 39 stagnant water not removed This is ridiculous!
basically dengue cases increasing ward no 5 stagnant water not removed Nobody is listening to us.
you know respected officer, 3 people in my building got dengue w-13 please spray When will this be fixed??
u see garbage not collected wrd 12 since monday unbearable smell Disgusting situation.
you know I want to report that wadr 41 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete
urgent complaint: ward 4 में at the signal पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है Please take urgent action!!!
bhai To whom IT may concern, applied birth cert KAROL BAGH since the monsoon back no movement
despite our previous complaints, all street lamps broken ward 48 completely dark Nobody is listening to us.
basically road full of potholes wrd 32 past 6 hours vehicles getting damaged Disgusting situation.
like this is to inform you that dengue cases increasing wrd 9 stagnant water not removed
like we the residents of ward 8 want to say that building permission ke liye since monday wait kar raha hoon ward 8 When will this be fixed??
Despite OUR previous complaints, kab aayega paani WARD 10 mein ITNA wait kar RAHE hain Kab tak wait karein???
hello sir, w-7 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
you know behind the mall w-12 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding
basically I want to report that paani mein MITTI aa rahi hai wrd 43 colour BHI change hai This has been going on too long.
I mean hello sir, wardd no 24 near the park mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
respected officer, borivali ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Please take urgent action!!!
I mean AAJ bhi ward 15 mein PAANI nahi AAYA tanker BHEJO कब होगा काम???
sir dear mc, major pipe burst in the lane wrd 17 water wasting Kab tak wait karein???
you know It's been from 4 days and STILL khadda HAI near the MARKET ward no 4 mein accident hua tha kal
like to whom it may concern, water supply stopped ward 27 for 5 days residents suffering badly
DESPITE our previous complaints, water not coming from tap at the junction ward no 26
tbh It's BEEN for 10 days and still TAX DEMAND NOTICE for SHIVAJI NAGAR but payment DONE for 10 dyas ago Nobody is listening to us.
tbh ward NO 23 में महीने भर से से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय When will this be fixed??
sir Dear MC, ward 11 near sector 7 में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
tbh hello sir, construction waste dumped on road wardd 43 by builder Nobody is listening to us.
actually Hello sir, municipal tanker not coming to ward 39 for 10 days
actually It's been since last night and still brown water COMING Dharavi children getting sick
you know Respected OFFICER, wrd no 26 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है कब होगा काम???
you know it's been 1 hafte se and still it rained and entire road disappeared ward no 22 only pits left कब होगा काम???
sir respected officer, dustbin bhar gayi govandi mein khali karo pls
basically near the school ward no 8 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Nobody is listening to us.
like I want to report that garbage not collected W-14 for 2 days unbearable smell
actually hello sir, near sector 7 ward no 27 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है Please take urgent action!!!
we the residents of ward 19 want to say that wrad 19 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं Very disappointed with MC.
yaar pipe phoot gayi ward no 13 behind the mall mein paani beh raha hai We are very tired of this.
u see hello sir, ward no 1 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
W-10 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय since morning से साफ नहीं हुआ
u see Hi, W-3 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo Disgusting situation.
To whom it may concern, W-5 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें This has been going on too long.
I mean Dear MC, PAANI nahi aa RAHA WARD 34 mein महीने भर से se
Hi, sewage smell unbearable ward no 15 for 10 dyas kids cant go to school We are very tired of this.
tbh This is TO inform you that mosquito breeding open drain Andheri East health risk Disgusting situation.
u see This is to inform YOU that garbage collector takes money still not collecting ward 8 When will this be fixed??
respected officer, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya wardd 8 ka kuda uthane Disgusting situation.
it's been since monday and still potholes on main road ward no 4 causing accidents since monday Please take urgent action!!!
you know to whom it may concern, building plan submitted shivaji nagar since the rain no response
Hi, mulund में नाली बंद है since the rain से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
it's been since morning and still registered birth since morning but certiifcate nt issued indiranagar We are very tired of this.
hello sir, neighbor built extra floor without permission ward 47 STILL not resolved!!!
sir all street lamps broken ward 3 completely dark कब होगा काम???
pack of dogs chasing people ward 33 very scary When will this be fixed??
It's been for 10 days and still encroachment on footpath near the school ward 32 pedestrians cant walk
bhai tax notice aaya hai ward 3 ka lekin payment ho chuki When will this be fixed??
tbh this is to inform you that in our colony ward 15 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding
it's been since 3 days and still drainage overflow during rain ward 45 flooding streets Very disappointed with MC.
yaar i want to report that online property tax payment failed amount ₹12000 deducted ward no 6
I mean It's been for 2 days and still safai nahi ho rahi w-5 for 2 days se kachra uthao na This is ridiculous!
to whom it may concern, gutter bhar gaya ward 32 mein log paani mein chal rahe Disgusting situation.
yaar We the residents of W-11 want to say that AT the MAIN road ka FOOTPATH dukan ne gheer liya W-11 MEIN since last month se This is ridiculous!
u see I want to report that paani ki problem hai ward no 28 mein since morning se nala band hogaya When will this be fixed??
Dear MC, garbage collector takes money still not collecting ward 9
i want to report that meri beti ko dengue hua chembur mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua Nobody is listening to us.
I mean It's been 1 hafte se and still my area w-18 has not seen garbage van sinc 1 hafte se Nobody is listening to us.
like to whom it may concern, wrad no 18 में व्यापार लाइसेंस since yesterday से लंबित है When will this be fixed??
we the residents of w-4 want to say that w-4 office mein plan submit kiya for 2 day reply nahi Kab tak wait karein???
despite our previous complaints, dengue cases increasing w-4 stagnant water nt removed Very disappointed with MC.
actually manhole open hai at plot no 45 koi gir jayega pls cover lagao
you know urgent complaint: dog attack wadr no 24 at the signal child got bitten pleese help Very disappointed with MC.
bhai Hi, ward 19 mein death certificate nahi mila from 4 days se urgent hai We are very tired of this.
tbh it's been past 6 hours and still ward no 19 में near sector 7 अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
I mean to whom it may concern, borivali की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
respected officer, building mein aag w-17 jaldi aao This has been going on too long.
Despite our previous complaints, fire noc required ward 17 not getting it Kab tak wait karein???
We the residents of ward 18 want to say that municipal tanker not coming to ward 18 since the rain
you know dear mc, pipe toot gayi at the junction wrd no 22 ke paas jaldi aao STILL not resolved!!!
like entire ward 38 in darkness after 9pm since monday Very disappointed with MC.
I mean ward 22 mein death certificate nahi mila 3 din se se urgent hai Kab tak wait karein???
basically Respected officer, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko wardd 41 mein urgent karo
yaar wrd 32 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain 3 din se se bahut takleef This is ridiculous!
sir it's been since the rain and still in the lane sion में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है Kab tak wait karein???
sir Hello sir, near D-block ward no 18 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है This has been going on too long.
ward no 9 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
sir urgent cmplt: toilet gandy hai in front of my building ward 41 3 din se se safai karo This has been going on too long.
sir this is to inform you that it rained and entire road disappeared w-11 only pits left कब होगा काम???
like I want TO report that near the park ward 6 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding When will this be fixed??
like we the residents of ward 4 want to say that road repair karo wrd 4 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar This is ridiculous!
basically We the residents of Koramangala WANT to say that big wateer LEAK Koramangala sine last night nobody coming to fix
basically i want to report that ward 2 at the naka nali band hai sinc morning se badbu aa rahi Kab tak wait karein???
basically respected officer, no wator since for the past week in wardd no 25 when will tanker come Disgusting situation.
dear mc, wator supply stopped w-5 snce last month residents suffering badly This is ridiculous!
basically we the residents of w-5 want to say that meri beti ko dengue hua w-5 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua Nobody is listening to us.
It's been since morning and still ₹5000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai wardd 34
yaar this is to inform you that cylinder blast near the temple ward no 24 need immediate help कब होगा काम???
you know despite our previous complaints, near the school ward no 22 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding
u see ward 14 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Please take urgent action!!!
you know i want to report that cylinder blast near d-block wardd 9 need immediate help
I mean dear mc, wrong property tax assessment w-14 property
actually we the residents of ward no 10 want to say that raat ko construction chal raha tha ward no 10 bina permission This has been going on too long.
bhai urgent complain: brown water coming wadr 46 children getting sick Very disappointed with MC.
yaar Despite our previous complaints, water pipe cracked w-7 near the temple road become muddy When will this be fixed??
Despite our previous complaints, Shivaji NAGAR mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
actually RESPECTED officer, ward 13 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
HELLO SIR, WARD 27 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe This is ridiculous!
bhai respected officer, fire noc required w-13 nt getting it This is ridiculous!
tbh we the residents of ward no 27 want to say that teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya wrd no 27 ka kuda uthane STILL not resolved!!!
I mean ward 28 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
this is to inform you that phole in our colony ward 46 bike accident happened yesterday
bhai Hello sir, paani nahi aa raha ward 15 mein sine the rain se This is ridiculous!
actually online property tax payment failed amount ₹5000 deducted pimpri STILL not resolved!!!
you know i want to report that santacruz mein death certificate nahi mila 3 din se se urgent hai Kab tak wait karein???
yaar i want to report that building plan submitted ward 17 since yesterday no response This has been going on too long.
Respected officer, wrd 47 near the park mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi Very disappointed with MC.
sir hello sir, my building in our colony wardd 41 has no water from snce the rain what to do
like water from tap ward 30 yellow coloured not drinkable STILL not resolved!!!
tbh paani ki problem hai w-15 mein since monday se nala band hogaya Nobody is listening to us.
tbh Respected officer, w-17 में in the lane पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है Disgusting situation.
i want to report that tap is dry w-9 1 hafte se please check the pipeline When will this be fixed??
tbh despite our previous complaints, ward 4 में for the past week से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Nobody is listening to us.
urgnt complaint: no response to building permission application ward 34 kaafi dino se Nobody is listening to us.
bhai It's been past 2 weeks and still water pressure very low near d-block ward no 16 past 2 weeks barely enough
like dear mc, w-19 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं Disgusting situation.
I mean this is to inform you that pipe leaking wadr 20 behind the mall road flooded STILL not resolved!!!
Hello sir, ward 8 ka proprty tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili Kab tak wait karein???
W-17 में outside my house कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध This is ridiculous!
u see death registered but certificate pending wrad 9 We are very tired of this.
ward 35 में कचरा गाड़ी since diwali से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है Nobody is listening to us.
actually it's been kaafi dino se and still it rained and entire road disappeared ward 9 only pits left Please take urgent action!!!
yaar Despite our previous complaints, ward no 17 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं कब होगा काम???
i want to report that birth certificate noot received andheri east office since morning We are very tired of this.
actually Urgent complaint: laxmi nagar में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
bhai ward no 3 mein paani ka pipe 1 hafte se se leak ho raha hai कब होगा काम???
actually to whom it may concern, waste not picked vile parle at the junction since monday piling up on road When will this be fixed??
basically this is to inform you that rood dug up for construction never repaired ward no 12 महीने भर से
Respected officer, ward 30 में at the main road कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध We are very tired of this.
basically this is to inform you that mutation request pending wadr 12 from last tuesday pls process Nobody is listening to us.
you know to whom it may concern, registered birth since monday but certiifcate nt issued ward 35 This has been going on too long.
sir This is to inform you that bhari wateer leakage in the bylane sadak bhar gayi
tbh DESPITE our PREVIOUS complaints, Powai mein ganda PAANI aa RAHA hai peene LAYAK nahi This has been going on too long.
hello sir, nahi aa rha paani wadr 49 mein pls koi to suno कब होगा काम???
yaar behind THE mall ka footpath dukan ne gheer LIYA ward 33 mein FOR 5 days se STILL not resolved!!!
I mean it's been since diwali and still street light not working ward 48 near the market since diwali very dark at night
sir This is to inform you that maa ka certificate chahiye mulund office se from last tuesday ho gaye कब होगा काम???
online payment fail ho gayi ward no 13 mein paise kat gaye कब होगा काम???
actually respected officer, lgiht pole broken ward no 23 dangerous live wire exposed
We THE residents of ward 24 want to say that garbage collector takes money still nto COLLECTING ward 24 Kab tak wait karein???
actually hello sir, drain blocked ward no 18 in our colony sewage overflowing on raod This has been going on too long.
like Urgent complaint: wateer leakage at the naka BANDRA WEST huge wastage please fix Nobody is listening to us.
yaar DEAR MC, tax notice came again even after paying ward 36
dear mc, dirty smelly wter supply sion over a fortnight health risk
sir hello sir, main pipeline burst w-7 water gushing out since last month Please take urgent action!!!
To whom it may concern, wrad no 26 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र since the monsoon से नहीं मिला Please take urgent action!!!
tbh Hi, road dug up for construction never repaired Vile Parle since last month
yaar hello sir, tap is dry ward 48 for 10 dyas pls check the pipeline Please take urgent action!!!
I mean we the residents of ward 24 want to say that fire noc required ward 24 not getting it STILL not resolved!!!
dear mc, fire noc required w-2 not getting it Disgusting situation.
sir this is to inform you that street light toot gayi outside my house ward no 7 महीने भर से se Please take urgent action!!!
grabage truck nto coming wardd 40 since monday
It's been kaafi dino se and still Govandi में भवन निर्माण अनुमति kaafi dino se से लंबित है
u see it's been sinc last month and still building plan submitted ward 22 since last month no response STILL not resolved!!!
to whom it may concern, pack of dogs chasing people kurla very scary When will this be fixed??
this is to inform you that mutation ka koi status nahi mila w-11 ka Nobody is listening to us.
actually this is to inform you that toilet band rehta hai wrd 16 mein kya fayda Very disappointed with MC.
actually Respected officer, W-16 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय past 2 weeks से साफ नहीं हुआ Please take urgent action!!!
like We the residents of ward no 5 want to say that toilet band rehta hai ward no 5 mein kya fayda
basically respected officer, ward 15 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
I mean hi, tax demand notice for mulund but payment done over a fortnight ago Nobody is listening to us.
DESPITE our previous COMPLAINTS, ward 18 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
like Despite our PREVIOUS complains, building PLAN submitted ward 17 since LAST night no RESPONSE STILL not resolved!!!
we the residents of thane want to say that stray cattle blocking road thane since last month This is ridiculous!
you know oc application pending महीने भर से ward 7 office Very disappointed with MC.
u see matunga mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Very disappointed with MC.
sir we called the garbage number 3 times ward no 4 no response When will this be fixed??
bhai Dear MC, roda tar came off for 2 days W-18 only stones left Please take urgent action!!!
It's been महीने भर से and still cylinder blast at plot no 45 ward 31 need immediate help STILL not resolved!!!
water leakage near the school ward 20 huge wastage please fix When will this be fixed??
tbh w-18 near station bina permission construction ho raha hai
sir We the residents of ward 17 want to say that online property tax payment FAILED amount ₹25000 deducted wadr 17 Please take urgent action!!!
urgent complain: baarish ke baad drain overflow wrad 16 mein road nahi dikh raha
you know we the residents of ward 17 want to say that ward 17 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक Nobody is listening to us.
I mean Trade license ke liye महीने भर से se wait kar raha hoon w-4
hello sir, it rained and entire road disappeared wadala only pits left
u see it's been since morning and still नाली से बदबू ward no 14 में since morning से असहनीय हो गई है Disgusting situation.
actually Despite our previous cmplts, dustbin bhar gayi ward no 24 mein khali karo please Please take urgent action!!!
toilet broken and stinking w-18 nobody cleaning
Hi, water has weird smell and colour Kurla
basically I want to REPORT that meri beti ko dengue hua ward NO 22 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua कब होगा काम???
you know santacruz की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
u see kachra nahi utha ward 43 mein since 3 days se bahut badbu
To whom it may concern, ward 3 में kaafi dino se से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। STILL not resolved!!!
We THE residents of WARD 20 WANT to say THAT tap is dry ward 20 kaafi dino se plz check the pipeline STILL not resolved!!!
HELLO sir, death certificate nto issued wrd NO 15 office snce last month
Ward 40 में at the main road अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है This has been going on too long.
This is to inform you that road full of potholes ward 27 past 6 hours vehicles getting damaged Disgusting situation.
tbh I want to report that oc application pending sine the monsoon ward 39 office This is ridiculous!
I mean despite our previous complaints, ward 29 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Nobody is listening to us.
bhai tax demand notice for ward 19 but payment done over a fortnight ago We are very tired of this.
yaar Respected officer, road condition pathetic ward 15 multiple potholes for the past week Please take urgent action!!!
I mean Urgent complaint: garbaje wala nahi aaya ward no 1 near station over a fortnight se
tbh To whom it may concern, in our colony matunga mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko STILL not resolved!!!
tbh urgent complaint: ward no 8 near station mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi कब होगा काम???
sir chembur mein mutation nahi hua from 4 day se apply kiya tha We are very tired of this.
u see it's been since 3 dyas and still building permission ke liye since 3 days wait kar raha hoon ward 42
I mean I want to REPORT that builder started work at night WARD 47 behind the mall no permission Please take urgent action!!!
you know This is to inform YOU that toilet always locked ward 11 outside my house useless facility
bhai no streetlight wadr no 23 in the bylane theft increasing
Hello sir, near station Koramangala में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है Very disappointed with MC.
yaar it's been since morning and still ward 5 में नामांतरण since morning से लंबित है कब होगा When will this be fixed??
I mean this is to inform you that applied for mutation kaafi dino se no update ward no 22 Very disappointed with MC.
Hi, wadr NO 12 MEIN paani ka pipe OVER a fortnight se leak ho raha hai
you know despite our previous complaints, major pipe burst near the school ward 1 water wasting Very disappointed with MC.
yaar to whom it may concern, need death certificate urgently ward 46 for insurance When will this be fixed??
hello sir, ward 14 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति for the past week से बाधित है
I mean we the residents of wadr 17 want to say that construction waste dumped on rood wrad 17 by builder STILL not resolved!!!
I want to report that WARDD 6 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Nobody is listening to us.
yaar respected officer, fire noc required ward 24 not getting it कब होगा काम???
to whom it may concern, ward no 28 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain Disgusting situation.
despite our previous complaints, naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward 35 ka Very disappointed with MC.
ward 9 की सड़क की हालत खराब है for the past week से मरम्मत नहीं STILL not resolved!!!
you know hello sir, naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward no 7 ka When will this be fixed??
you know garbage lying on road ward no 22 sine the monsoon disease risk
toilet band rehta hai wrd no 8 mein kya fayda
actually Despite our previous complains, mutation ka koi status nahi mila WARD no 4 ka Nobody is listening to us.
it's been 3 din se and still correction needed birth certificate w-18 wrong name spelled We are very tired of this.
sir ward no 29 में कचरा गाड़ी since yesterday से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है Disgusting situation.
i want to report that trade license renewal pending past 2 weeks shop ward 24
I mean i want to report that my building in the bylane malviya nagar has no water from since last night what to do When will this be fixed??
u see mutation request pending ward 36 for 5 day please process
tbh Ward 22 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया This has been going on too long.
tbh hi, water filter getting choked daily wadr 31 water very bad quality This has been going on too long.
actually Despite our previous complaints, w-3 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge This has been going on too long.
basically brown wter coming ward no 21 children getting sick Nobody is listening to us.
tbh to whom it may concern, rood broken badly ward 40 in front of my building car tyres punctured 2 times This has been going on too long.
it's been since morning and still ward 39 near the school mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao Disgusting situation.
like to whom it may concern, encroachment on footpath at the signal ward no 29 pedestrians cant walk
Dear MC, no public toilet ward no 14 at the junction open defecation happening Disgusting situation.
sir I want to report that ward no 11 mein paani ka pipe from last tuesday se leak ho raha hai This is ridiculous!
you know i want to report that laxmi nagar में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है This has been going on too long.
bhai We the residents of Koramangala want to say that Koramangala में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं This is ridiculous!
I mean Dear MC, Chembur से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र for 5 days से नहीं मिला
tbh 3 people in my building got dengue ward 34 please spray
actually hi, w-11 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain for 2 day se bahut takleef Kab tak wait karein???
like main pipeline burst ward no 9 water gushing out since yesterday
I mean respected officer, ward no 13 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र since yesterday से नहीं मिला We are very tired of this.
yaar Dear MC, aaj bhi WARD 44 mein paani nahi AAYA tanker bhejo
yaar Urgent complaint: drain blocked w-12 at the junction sewage overflowing on road We are very tired of this.
u see hello sir, costrution without plan approval w-9 कब होगा काम???
It's been since the monsoon and still road dug up for construction never repaired ward no 1 since the monsoon This has been going on too long.
this is to inform you that kachra nahi utha ward no 19 mein from last tuesday se bahut badbu
I want to report that पड़ोसी ने Vile Parle में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली When will this be fixed??
tbh To whom it may concern, fire broke out near D-block wardd no 22 fire brigade delayed This is ridiculous!
this is to inform you that new trade license nto processed w-14 since morning This has been going on too long.
tbh HI, watr supply stopped ward no 3 past 2 WEEKS residents suffering BADLY
tbh raod tar came off past 6 hours wrd no 8 only stones left
WARD 15 mein paani band hai past 6 HOURS se log taras rahe hain कब होगा काम???
bhai respected officer, new trade license not processed ward 3 since diwali Very disappointed with MC.
I mean building plan submitted w-15 since monday no response Please take urgent action!!!
sir stinking garbge pile near the temple ward no 27 dogs spreading it everywhere
bhai despite our previous complains, ward 39 office mein plan submit kiya kaafi dino se reply nahi Please take urgent action!!!
To whom it may concern, wire latki hui hai in the lane shock lag sakta hai kisi ko STILL not resolved!!!
basically hi, entire footpath occupied by shop in front of my building ward 17 1 hafte se This is ridiculous!
like This is to inform you that dustbin bhar gayi karol bagh mein khali karo please Disgusting situation.
I mean This is to inform you that khadda hai near the school ward no 20 mein accident hua tha kal We are very tired of this.
this is to inform you that nullah blocked w-1 mosquito breeding happening When will this be fixed??
like despite our previous complaints, raat ko construction chal raha tha matunga bina permission
basically Dear mc, street lgiht not working ward no 1 near the temple महीने भर से very dark at night
u see Hi, water leakage at the main road ward 8 HUGE WASTAGE PLESE fix Disgusting situation.
like to whom it may concern, nahi aa rha paani ward no 23 mein please koi to suno
basically road pe gadd hai near sector 7 wrad no 3 bike wale girte hain This has been going on too long.
Hi, online property tax payment failed amount ₹12000 deducted ward no 17 We are very tired of this.
hi, road condition pathetic ward no 11 multiple potholes since monday
like It's been since diwali and still garbage truck not coming Sion snce diwali We are very tired of this.
you know this is to inform you that teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya wrad 3 ka kuda uthane We are very tired of this.
u see entire footpath occupied by shop near sector 7 powai महीने भर से STILL not resolved!!!
dear mc, mosquito problem powai in the lane no fogging sinc last month कब होगा काम???
tbh ward no 10 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति past 6 hours से बाधित है
we the residents of vikhroli want to say that builder started work at night vikhroli in our colony no permission This has been going on too long.
ward 4 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है कब होगा काम???
I mean this is to inform you that encroachment on footpath near sector 7 ward 6 pedestrians cant walk
Respected officer, ward no 29 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया Disgusting situation.
ward 34 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें Nobody is listening to us.
tbh dear mc, applied birth cert ward 24 from 4 days back no movement Very disappointed with MC.
bhai To whom it may concern, builder started work at night ward 25 near sector 7 no permission We are very tired of this.
mutation request pending ward 8 महीने भर से plz process Very disappointed with MC.
Hello sir, death certificate nt issued Vile Parle office since the monsoon Very disappointed with MC.
basically water leakage near the temple andheri east huge wastage plese fix
tbh this is to inform you that builder ne maal near d-block koramangala road pe daal diya hata do Nobody is listening to us.
bhai respected officer, toilet band rehta hai ward 12 mein kya fayda STILL not resolved!!!
bhai hello sir, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा santacruz में from 4 days से We are very tired of this.
actually hello sir, paid proerty tax wadr no 14 but receipt nto received
actually Wire latki hui hai near the market shock lag sakta hai kisi ko This has been going on too long.
u see this is to inform you that pipe leaking outside at the corner ward no 5 creating pothole also
I mean it's been since last night and still ward no 14 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain snce last night se bahut takleef Disgusting situation.
Urgent complain: MY building outside my house W-18 has no water from since diwali WHAT to do This is ridiculous!
u see hi, ward 14 mein paani ka pipe for 5 days se leak ho raha hai
WE the residents of ward no 25 want to say THAT ward NO 25 में कचरा गाड़ी महीने भर से से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
I mean we the residents of w-7 want to say that dengue cases increasing w-7 stagnant wateer not removed Kab tak wait karein???
Urgent complaint: my building near the temple ward no 17 has no watr from since yesterday what to do Please take urgent action!!!
entire ward 48 in darkness after 9pm past 2 weeks Please take urgent action!!!
bhai this is to inform you that w-18 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
you know urgent complain: property tax portal down cannot pay ward no 28 Nobody is listening to us.
basically I want to report that birth certificate not received ward 26 office since monday When will this be fixed??
yaar Despite our previous complaints, drainn blocked ward 29 near the school sewage overflowing on road
Many stray dogs w-13 near the school biting residents We are very tired of this.
this is to inform you that wateer looks muddy ward 17 near sector 7 for 5 days This has been going on too long.
like dear mc, ward 7 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली This has been going on too long.
like dear mc, tax notice came again even after paying wardd 32
u see hi, open manhole at plot no 45 w-18 very dangerous especially at night STILL not resolved!!!
like we the residents of vile parle want to say that vile parle में स्ट्रीट लाइट over a fortnight से बंद है रात में अंधेरा We are very tired of this.
We the residents of ward no 7 WANT to say that WRD no 7 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat RAHE
ward 44 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain
yaar It's been for 5 days and still Malviya Nagar in front of my building में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Nobody is listening to us.
u see dear mc, mutation request pending ward no 8 since 3 days plz process STILL not resolved!!!
hi, wrd 42 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
actually urgent complaint: drainage overflow during rain ward no 19 flooding streets Very disappointed with MC.
yaar paid property tax ward no 22 but receipt nto received
to whom it may concern, toilet broken and stinking ward 44 nobody cleaning
like i want to report that mosquito breeding open drain ward 19 health risk
illegal constraction ward 6 at the corner without permission
tbh Respected officer, wire LATKI hui hai opposite the hospital shock lag sakta HAI KISI ko
To whom it may concern, GARBAGE lying ON rood Vikhroli since yesterday DISEASE risk Nobody is listening to us.
basically despite our previous cmplts, cylinder blast near the market wadr 25 need immediate help Please take urgent action!!!
tbh To whom it may concern, at plot no 45 matunga mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding When will this be fixed??
tbh Despite our previous cmplts, wire latki hui hai in the BYLANE shock lag sakta HAI kisi ko
like Urgent complaint: sion mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua from 4 days se Nobody is listening to us.
To whom it may concern, paani ki bohot problem hai near the park mein ward 29 ke andar Disgusting situation.
tbh registered birth from last tuesday but certifcate not issued w-18 We are very tired of this.
Respected officer, WARD 41 mein paani ka pipe since last MONTH se leak HO raha hai
this is to inform you that dirty smelly water supply bandra west for the past week health risk
neighbor built extra floor without permission ward 8
I mean It's been KAAFI dino SE and still stinking garbage pile in THE bylane ward 37 dogs spreading it everywhere
tbh Urgent COMPLAIN: no water in Mulund since last month Very disappointed with MC.
despite our previous complaints, bhai wrad 25 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
actually Hi, ward 13 at plot NO 45 mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi Very disappointed with MC.
tbh Ward no 3 ki ligh band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein Please take urgent action!!!
I mean hi, safai nahi ho rahi ward 13 for 10 days se kachra uthao na कब होगा काम???
trade license renewal pending over a fortnight shop wrd no 20 This is ridiculous!
u see illegal dump in the bylane wrad 9 flies mosquitoes everywhere Disgusting situation.
u see to whom it may concern, wateer pipe cracked wrad 43 near d-block road become muddy
I mean I want to report that major pipe burst in the lane ward 28 water wasting Kab tak wait karein???
you know stray CATTLE BLOCKING ROAD ward no 21 SINCE 3 days Nobody is listening to us.
I mean urgnt complaint: ward 30 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है
hi, malviya nagar ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
actually death registered but certificate pending wrd no 2 Very disappointed with MC.
actually I want to report that meri beti ko dengue hua ward no 26 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua
sir hello sir, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko borivali mein urgent karo Very disappointed with MC.
tbh To whom it may concern, road broken badly ward 30 near the temple car tyres punctured 2 times
To whom it may concern, wrd no 27 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi This is ridiculous!
yaar dustbin bhar gayi ward 39 mein khali karo plz STILL not resolved!!!
roda dug up for construction never repaired malviya nagar महीने भर से
Urgent cmplt: ward no 19 में at the junction के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक This has been going on too long.
like hello sir, pipe leaking w-2 outside my house road flooded
yaar wardd no 8 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है snce the monsoon से Kab tak wait karein???
yaar urgent complaint: wrd no 13 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
Despite our previous complaints, footpath pe encroachment hai at the corner wardd 9 mein
actually despite our previous complaints, santacruz में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं Nobody is listening to us.
like safai NAHI ho rahi ward 43 1 hafte se se kachra uthao na
It's been snce morning and STILL pothole near the market Shivaji Nagar bike ACCIDENT HAPPENED yesterday Disgusting situation.
sir urgent complaint: ward 8 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें We are very tired of this.
sir ward 5 mein paani band hai for the past week se log taras rahe hain
I mean This is to inform you that entire footpath occupied by shop near station ward 23 snce the rain Disgusting situation.
you know Dear mc, trade license ke liye since the monsoon se wait kar raha hoon w-19 This is ridiculous!
we the residents of wadr 36 want to say that online property tax payment failed amount ₹5000 deducted ward 36
dear mc, cylinder blast hua outside my house ward 41 mein emergency
Hi, 1 light working OUT of 10 in Powai rest all dead This has been going on too long.
bhai w-8 mein ligth nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai Disgusting situation.
actually We the residents of wrad 43 want to say that ward 43 mein paani ka pipe past 6 hours se leak ho raha hai
I mean We the residents of w-9 want to say that w-9 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति for 10 days से बाधित है STILL not resolved!!!
tbh hi, dustbin bhar gayi w-12 mein khali karo please Kab tak wait karein???
like to whom it may concern, big water leak ward no 6 3 din se nobody coming to fix Nobody is listening to us.
i want to report that w-10 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
like This is to inform you that at plot no 45 ward no 29 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko Please take urgent action!!!
like Tax notice came again even after paying matunga कब होगा काम???
u see hello sir, nullah blocked ward 1 mosquito breeding happening कब होगा काम???
you know urgent complaint: pipe leaking wadr no 21 near the temple road flooded This has been going on too long.
hi, wadr 38 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय 3 din se से साफ नहीं हुआ Disgusting situation.
sir i want to report that oc application pending since diwali wrad 28 office
u see urgent complaint: ward 33 mein death certificate nahi mila for the past week se urgent hai This is ridiculous!
you know waterlogging after rain wrd no 23 mosquito problem getting worse When will this be fixed??
HELLO sir, in our colony ward 15 ka kuda uthao yaar महीने भर से se nahi utha
tbh Respected officer, registered birth over a fortnight but certificate nt issued wrad no 2 STILL not resolved!!!
u see Respected officer, wire latki hui hai near sector 7 shock lag sakta hai kisi ko This is ridiculous!
we called the garbage number 3 times ward 38 no response कब होगा काम???
sir khadda hai at the junction wardd no 4 mein accident hua tha kal This has been going on too long.
I mean near the school ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya andheri east mein over a fortnight se
basically dear mc, thane में कचरा गाड़ी for 5 dyas से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है Disgusting situation.
tbh supply cut without NOTICE KURLA since yesterday कब होगा काम???
bhai HELLO sir, municipal tanker NTO coming to W-7 over a fortnight
sir It's been FOR 5 days and still tax notice aaya hai ward no 3 ka lekin payment ho chuki This is ridiculous!
toilet broken and stinking ward no 7 nobody cleaning कब होगा काम???
tbh It's been 3 din se and still PAANI NAHI aa raha Malviya Nagar mein 3 din se se Nobody is listening to us.
yaar kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward no 14 mein urgent karo Very disappointed with MC.
u see Hi, SMALL fire ward 46 near sector 7 before it SPREADS please come कब होगा काम???
Despite our previous complaints, we called the garbage number 3 TIMES ward 30 no response We are very tired of this.
dear mc, water looks muddy ward 26 at the main road kaafi dino se This has been going on too long.
Dear MC, footpath PE encroachment hai near STATION ward 25 mein Kab tak wait karein???
tbh Dear mc, mutation request pending wadr 18 since last night please process Nobody is listening to us.
like Hi, ward no 3 mein paani band hai snce last month se log taras rahe hain
Dear MC, ward 48 की सड़क की हालत खराब है for 2 days से मरम्मत नहीं
you know dear mc, aaj bhi ward no 25 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo Please take urgent action!!!
Hello sir, meri BETI ko dengue hua ward no 27 mein ab bhi KUCH nahi hua
bhai DEAR MC, proprty MUTATION NOOT done WARD 32 applied over a fortnight ago This has been going on too long.
bhai we the residents of ward 27 want to say that tax notice aaya hai wrd 27 ka lekin payment ho chuki
I mean naam galat likha hai certificate mein wardd 37 ka Please take urgent action!!!
tbh urgent cmplt: MANHOLE open HAI at the JUNCTION koi gir JAYEGA plz cover lagao Nobody is listening to us.
hi, ward 40 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye
tbh Respected officer, Hadapsar में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें Very disappointed with MC.
I mean we the residents of w-16 want to say that w-16 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें We are very tired of this.
u see hi, ward 3 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं STILL not resolved!!!
to whom it may concern, water from tap ward 3 yellow coloured not drinkable
you know urgent COMPLAIN: ward NO 17 mein kachra sadak PE BIMARI failegi
like no streetlight ward no 23 outside my house theft increasing
like To whom it may concern, open manhole at the corner ward no 14 very dangerous especially at night
ward 33 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi
tbh hello sir, aaj bhi w-19 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo This has been going on too long.
I mean To WHOM it may CONCERN, ward 40 की सड़क की हालत खराब है for 5 DYAS से मरम्मत नहीं When will this be fixed??
yaar urgent complaint: w-15 ki lgiht band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
actually It's been since last month and still cylinder blast hua in the BYLANE Govandi mein emergency
bhai this is to inform you that tax notice came again even after paying wrd 34
I mean despite our previous complaints, street light wire hanging loose at the corner wrad no 19 shock risk
actually to whom it may concern, toilet always locked ward 43 near sector 7 useless facility
you know Hello sir, Dharavi mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
Hello sir, building MEIN aag ward no 7 jaldi AAO Very disappointed with MC.
despite our previous complaints, water pressure very low in our colony wardd no 21 for 10 day barely enough कब होगा काम???
you know Dear MC, ward 22 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since last month से नहीं मिला We are very tired of this.
yaar dear mc, wardd 30 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय since last night से साफ नहीं हुआ This is ridiculous!
actually Dear MC, my shop has no license because W-5 office not responding
actually urgent complaint: गड्ढे की वजह से ward 6 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Nobody is listening to us.
yaar ward 3 में opposite THE HOSPITAL के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक Please take urgent action!!!
yaar Despite our previous complaints, nali choke ho GAYI WARD 36 GANDA PAANI sadak PE aa raha कब होगा काम???
like i want to report that mutation request pending w-19 from last tuesday plese process
you know ward 2 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें When will this be fixed??
basically Hi, ward 18 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain STILL not resolved!!!
tbh dear mc, in the bylane ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward 36 mein kaafi dino se se Nobody is listening to us.
actually We the residents of ward 11 want to say that ward 11 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है We are very tired of this.
like To whom it may concern, it rained and entire roaad disappeared ward no 21 only pits left Please take urgent action!!!
like respected officer, at the corner ward 38 ka kuda uthao yaar over a fortnight se nahi utha
I mean Hi, maa ka certificate chahiye Bandra West office se for 2 day ho gaye This is ridiculous!
tbh fire at building ward 14 in the bylane plz send fire engine
respected officer, paani nahi aa raha ward 16 mein snce morning se
urgnt complaint: ward 42 mein death certificate nahi mila महीने भर से se urgent hai
Dear MC, W-9 की सड़क की हालत खराब है past 6 hours से मरम्मत नहीं
actually It's been for 10 days and still ward no 26 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
you know It's been 3 din se and still encroachment on footpath near station ward no 5 pedestrians cant walk
to whom it may concern, nali choke ho gayi ward 13 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha कब होगा काम???
urgnt complaint: gutter bhar gaya ward no 4 mein log paani mein chal rahe कब होगा काम???
actually paid proprty tax sion but receipt not received
u see Hello sir, mulund mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo Please take urgent action!!!
Manhole cover missing near station ward 2 someone will fall
you know this is to inform you that sion mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain Very disappointed with MC.
ward 49 office se birth certficate nahi mila for 10 dayz se कब होगा काम???
I mean RESPECTED officer, 1 ligth working out of 10 in ward no 24 rest all dead This has been going on too long.
I mean urgent complaint: wrd 15 में opposite the hospital कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध कब होगा काम???
urgent complaint: property tax portal down cannot pay ward no 14 Nobody is listening to us.
i want to report that pack of dogs chasing people ward 19 very scary Nobody is listening to us.
sir dear mc, water from tap w-10 yellow coloured not drinkable This is ridiculous!
basically w-8 में near the park कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Kab tak wait karein???
We the residents of ward 32 want to say that builder started work at night ward 32 at the signal no permission This is ridiculous!
sir to whom it may concern, my scooter fell in potholee w-18 near the temple i got hurt STILL not resolved!!!
RESPECTED officer, nullah BLOCKED Hadapsar mosquito breeding happening STILL not resolved!!!
tbh to whom it may concern, municipal tanker not coming to vikhroli over a fortnight Please take urgent action!!!
actually IT'S BEEN past 6 hours and STILL Sion में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है This has been going on too long.
bhai urgnt complain: near sector 7 wadr 16 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko कब होगा काम???
toilet always locked w-3 near sector 7 useless facility Kab tak wait karein???
actually despite our previous complains, illegal dump at plot no 45 laxmi nagar flies mosquitoes everywhere STILL not resolved!!!
u see urgent complaint: drain choked ward no 4 since monday foul smell health hazard This has been going on too long.
It's been for 5 days and still raat ko construction chal raha tha wardd 41 bina permission
It's been sine monday and still garbage not collected ward no 6 snce monday unbearable smell
Hello sir, machhar bahut hain thane महीने भर से se spray kab karoge कब होगा काम???
I mean Dear mc, नाली से बदबू ward 9 में since the rain से असहनीय हो गई है STILL not resolved!!!
Dear MC, toilet always locked ward no 27 AT the signal useless facility This is ridiculous!
this is to inform you that ward 14 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है STILL not resolved!!!
Shivaji Nagar में मच्छरों की समस्या since 3 days से है कब होगा काम???
this is to inform you that bhari watr leakage at the junction sadak bhar gayi STILL not resolved!!!
To whom it may concern, ward 19 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है since last month से Please take urgent action!!!
i want to report that municipal tanker not coming to kurla for 5 days This is ridiculous!
u see respected officer, illegal building ban raha hai ward 47 mein rok do Please take urgent action!!!
we the residents of ward 12 want to say that 1 light working out of 10 in ward 12 rest all dead We are very tired of this.
basically hello sir, road repair karo ward 36 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar Nobody is listening to us.
dear mc, pimpri mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai कब होगा काम???
bhai birth certificate noot received wadala office for 10 days This is ridiculous!
I want to report that ward 42 ka proerty tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili Nobody is listening to us.
hello sir, entire footpath occupied by shop at the junction ward 3 for 5 days
actually Respected officer, unauthorized building Laxmi Nagar plz stop
like Urgent complaint: ward 33 mein mutation nahi hua 3 din se se apply kiya tha Disgusting situation.
yaar we the residents of w-6 want to say that w-6 में नामांतरण since the rain से लंबित है कब होगा We are very tired of this.
sir ward 39 में near station अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है We are very tired of this.
basically THIS is to inform you that street LIGHT wire hanging loose in the BYLANE ward 4 shock risk Nobody is listening to us.
basically i want to report that wire latki hui hai near the school shock lag sakta hai kisi ko When will this be fixed??
like Respected officer, daily water supply disrupted ward 16 past since the rain pipeline blocked maybe We are very tired of this.
dear mc, ward 24 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye Very disappointed with MC.
like urgent complaint: street light toot gayi at the corner powai for 10 dayz se
basically Dear MC, toilet always locked W-9 at plot no 45 useless facility Very disappointed with MC.
you know Hello sir, pack of dogs chasing people matunga very scary When will this be fixed??
I mean to whom it may concern, w-2 में from last tuesday से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Very disappointed with MC.
basically urgent complaint: stinking garbge pile at plot no 45 w-11 dogs spreading it everywhere Nobody is listening to us.
like it's been kaafi dino se and still wardd no 3 ki rood bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Very disappointed with MC.
tbh I want to report that w-19 में स्ट्रीट लाइट महीने भर से से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
actually hi, drain choked ward 42 since 3 days foul smell health hazard Very disappointed with MC.
to whom it may concern, ward 28 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
tbh Dear MC, khadda hai behind the mall W-3 mein accident hua tha kal Please take urgent action!!!
tbh We the residents of sion want to say that sion में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
yaar Mosquito problem w-18 near sector 7 no fogging since 3 days
sir Aaj fir gira mai wardd 32 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche When will this be fixed??
Road pe gadd hai in the lane ward 26 bike wale girte hain
I want to report that water nt coming from tap at the CORNER ward 6 कब होगा काम???
basically Hello sir, wrad NO 21 में near the temple के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक
u see Kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi wadr 44 me since yesterday se
bhai Hello sir, new trade license not processed ward no 25 past 6 hours
I mean ward 44 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
you know ligth pole broken wrad 47 DANGEROUS live WIRE exposed
yaar hi, nahi aa rha paani w-4 mein plz koi to suno
you know i want to report that mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward 1
bhai this is to inform you that w-7 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe STILL not resolved!!!
bhai It's BEEN since 3 DAYS and still ward 2 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
you know water looks muddy govandi at the naka since the rain कब होगा काम???
Urgent complaint: applied trade license for 5 dyas ago ward 40 still waiting This has been going on too long.
you know Respected officer, w-4 mein death certificate nahi mila kaafi dino se se urgent hai
bhai Hello sir, COMMENCEMENT certificate NOT received W-9 DESPITE APPROVAL
road repair karo W-9 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar When will this be fixed??
Dear MC, swm worker absent FROM wrad 49 in our COLONY FROM 4 DAYZ Disgusting situation.
u see Respected officer, GUTTER overflow Sion people walking IN waste wateer
urgent complaint: it rained and entire roaad disappeared ward 48 only pits left Very disappointed with MC.
actually We the residents of Santacruz want to say that Santacruz में व्यापार लाइसेंस since morning से लंबित है We are very tired of this.
bhai Hello sir, Kurla में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक कब होगा काम???
you know i want to report that ward no 19 में past 2 weeks से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
bhai builder started work at night wrad no 26 at plot no 45 no permission Nobody is listening to us.
actually machhar bahut hain wadr 37 since last month se spray kab karoge This is ridiculous!
sir malviya nagar की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
tbh we the residents of govandi want to say that govandi ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega कब होगा काम???
yaar to whom it may concern, road broken badly ward 39 near the temple car tyres punctured 2 times कब होगा काम???
like open manhole in our colony Shivaji Nagar very dangerous especially at night
sir dear mc, aaj fir gira mai w-5 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche कब होगा काम???
I mean W-18 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें Very disappointed with MC.
MY building IN front OF MY building ward 34 has no water from past 6 HOURS what to do Very disappointed with MC.
you know we the residents of ward 37 want to say that illegal dump in our colony wrad 37 flies mosquitoes everywhere Very disappointed with MC.
tbh despite our previous complaints, toilet always locked ward 14 at plot no 45 useless facility STILL not resolved!!!
tbh Dear MC, mutation ka koi status nahi mila Indiranagar ka This is ridiculous!
like water pressure very low near the park powai since diwali barely enough
RESPECTED officer, W-9 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
basically W-10 office mein plan submit kiya since yesterday reply NAHI This is ridiculous!
sir This is TO inform you THAT neighbor built extra floor without permission Hadapsar This has been going on too long.
I mean teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward 49 ka kuda uthane We are very tired of this.
you know it's been since last month and still wardd 49 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
this is to inform you that water not coming from tap near the temple ward 21 This has been going on too long.
sir This is to inform you THAT road condition pathetic ward no 1 multiple POTHOLES over A fortnight
u see This is to inform you that death certificate not issued ward 5 office since the monsoon
u see Respected officer, cylinder blast AT the signal ward 31 need immediate help When will this be fixed??
bhai cow sitting on main road w-1 traffic blocked Nobody is listening to us.
w-10 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है
stray cattle blocking road bandra west since monday Nobody is listening to us.
yaar online property tax payment failed amount ₹25000 deducted ward no 26 Kab tak wait karein???
Dear MC, NEAR the TEMPLE ward 24 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है Disgusting situation.
sir my building at plot no 45 Matunga has no water from for 2 days what to do Disgusting situation.
sir road full of potholes w-2 for 10 days vehicles getting damaged Nobody is listening to us.
yaar toilet gandy hai near sector 7 Malviya NAGAR for 10 days se safai karo
yaar it's been since last night and still gutter bhar gaya ward 12 mein log paani mein chal rahe
basically This is to inform you that commencement certificate not received wardd no 18 despite approval When will this be fixed??
I want to report that open manhole near the school ward no 24 very dangerous especially at night This is ridiculous!
you know dear mc, bhai ward 29 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo Kab tak wait karein???
yaar water nto coming from tap at the naka ward no 20 Please take urgent action!!!
To whom it may concern, bhari water leakage near sector 7 sadak bhar gayi STILL not resolved!!!
Garbage not collected w-16 for 10 days unbearable smell Nobody is listening to us.
bhai hello sir, construction waste dumped on road kurla by builder We are very tired of this.
tbh toilet band rehta hai ward 45 mein kya fayda Please take urgent action!!!
tbh Hello sir, vikhroli में सार्वजनिक शौचालय since the rain से साफ नहीं हुआ
need death certificate urgently ward 9 for insurance STILL not resolved!!!
this is to inform you that हमारे chembur में over a fortnight से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
tbh Dear MC, water has weird smell and colour ward no 23
I mean i want to report that water pressure very low at the signal ward 5 since diwali barely enough This has been going on too long.
We the residents of ward no 20 want to say THAT illegal construction ward no 20 in front of my building without permission
like hi, manhole cover missing at the signal ward 24 someone will fall
basically urgent complaint: ward 40 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं STILL not resolved!!!
like hi, wadala में मच्छरों की समस्या since last night से है Kab tak wait karein???
u see Dear MC, fire NOC required Vile Parle NOT GETTING it This has been going on too long.
u see despite our previous complaints, light pole broken ward no 5 dangerous live wire exposed
Hello sir, street light toot gayi in our colony ward 20 from 4 days se
this is to inform you that dustbin bhar gayi w-8 mein khali karo plz Disgusting situation.
yaar Respected officer, we called the garbage number 3 times ward 33 no response STILL not resolved!!!
basically Chembur से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र since 3 days से नहीं मिला Kab tak wait karein???
u see It's been for 10 dayz and still construction waste dumped on road ward 2 by builder This is ridiculous!
actually It's been snce monday and still paani ki bohot problem hai in front of my building mein Vikhroli ke andar कब होगा काम???
we the residents of ward no 26 want to say that wardd no 26 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें When will this be fixed??
building mein aag ward no 2 jaldi aao Disgusting situation.
actually i want to report that neighbor built extra floor without permission vikhroli STILL not resolved!!!
sir to whom it may concern, brown water coming ward 39 children getting sick
ward 32 में नाली बंद है for 2 days से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
it's been from 4 days and still bacche ka certificate nahi bana wrd no 16 mein from 4 days lag gaye When will this be fixed??
I mean To whom it may concern, my scooter fell in pothole ward 42 near sector 7 i got hurt
u see IT'S been since the rain and STILL illegal construction wrd no 2 at plot no 45 without permission Disgusting situation.
bhai wadr no 2 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Nobody is listening to us.
Tap is dry ward 44 3 din se please check the pipeline This is ridiculous!
sir to whom it may concern, street light toot gayi in front of my building w-9 over a fortnight se Kab tak wait karein???
you know sion office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye This has been going on too long.
basically drain choked wadr no 5 kaafi dino se foul smell health hazard
hadapsar office mein plan submit kiya for 10 days reply nahi
tbh Dear mc, raat ko construction chal raha tha wrad 41 bina permission
hi, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा ward no 17 में past 2 weeks से This is ridiculous!
u see street ligth wire hanging loose at plot no 45 ward 44 shock risk कब होगा काम???
yaar ward 30 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since the rain से नहीं मिला This has been going on too long.
Despite our previous complains, no water in wardd no 21 महीने भर से
It's been sine the monsoon and still garbage truck not coming wardd no 1 since the monsoon This has been going on too long.
you know It's BEEN since morning and still at the naka ka footpath dukan ne GHEER liya ward 24 mein SINC morning se When will this be fixed??
Hello sir, indiranagar की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया Kab tak wait karein???
I mean road pe gadd hai at the signal wadr no 9 bike wale girte hain This has been going on too long.
hi, 3 people in my building got dengue ward 46 please spray
you know dustbin bhar gayi W-4 mein khali karo pleese
tbh this is to inform you that some amount bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward no 26
I mean illegal construction w-12 behind the mall without permission
sir hello sir, govandi से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since yesterday से नहीं मिला
I mean Hi, encroachment on footpath at the naka W-5 pedestrians cant walk
tbh nullah blocked Shivaji Nagar mosquito breeding happening This has been going on too long.
I mean WARD no 27 में मच्छरों की समस्या महीने भर से से है
basically footpath pe encroachment hai at plot no 45 ward no 8 mein
yaar urgent complaint: ward 42 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi Kab tak wait karein???
you know respected officer, we r noot getting watr ward 38 4 for 5 days wat is happening
u see it's been snce last month and still w-18 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली When will this be fixed??
despite our previous complaints, water supply stopped wrad 28 since last night residents suffering badly
I mean respected officer, ward 44 में near the park अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है Please take urgent action!!!
bhai dear mc, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko sion mein urgent karo Nobody is listening to us.
basically wrad no 22 में नाली बंद है since last night से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
u see hi, nullah blocked wrad no 26 mosquito breeding happening
you know hi, potholes on main road ward no 21 causing accidents since 3 dyas Please take urgent action!!!
actually it's been past 6 hours and still municipal tanker not coming to ward 29 past 6 hours
We the residents of Chembur want to say that death registered but certificate pending Chembur Nobody is listening to us.
basically dustbin overflowing Hadapsar not emptied for 5 days
basically Dear mc, gutter overflow ward no 21 people walking in waste water Kab tak wait karein???
Despite our previous complaints, malaria fear dharavi drain not cleaned past 2 weeks Kab tak wait karein???
This is to INFORM you that cow sitting on main road GOVANDI traffic blocked
like hello sir, potholes on main road bandra west causing accidents since last night
I mean Hi, grabage LYING on ROAD wrd 20 since last month disease risk Very disappointed with MC.
bhai major pipe burst at the main road wadr no 12 water wasting This has been going on too long.
like respected officer, हमारे wadr no 17 में since the monsoon से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे Kab tak wait karein???
tbh It's been महीने भर से and still applied trade license महीने भर से ago ward 24 still waiting
bhai hi, ward 48 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
sir despite our previous complaints, paani ki bohot problem hai near the school mein wrd no 24 ke andar
I mean despite our previous complaints, paid property tax ward 2 but receipt not received
Respected officer, Laxmi Nagar mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua since 3 days se Very disappointed with MC.
like this is to inform you that ward 11 near the park nali band hai महीने भर से se badbu aa rahi
despite our previous complaints, w-9 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Disgusting situation.
respected officer, wrd 10 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है This has been going on too long.
like Hello sir, fire broke out at the naka ward no 14 fire brigade DELAYED
I mean Respected officer, death registered but certificate pending wardd no 9 Nobody is listening to us.
bhai To whom it may concern, W-18 mein paani ka pipe since the monsoon se leak ho raha hai
sir Hello sir, W-15 office SE birth certificate nahi mila snce the rain SE This has been going on too long.
we the residents of wrad 5 want to say that paani nahi aa raha ward 5 mein kaafi dino se se Very disappointed with MC.
like ward 11 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं When will this be fixed??
you know shivaji nagar में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं This is ridiculous!
tbh URGENT complaint: AAJ bhi W-5 mein paani nahi AAYA tanker bhejo We are very tired of this.
actually w-11 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for 2 days से लंबित है
bhai malaria fear koramangala drian not cleaned since yesterday
u see online payment fail ho gayi ward no 5 mein paise kat gaye
Garbage nto collected ward no 14 snce diwali unbearable smell This has been going on too long.
u see dear mc, toilet gandy hai in the lane koramangala since diwali se safai karo This is ridiculous!
toilet band rehta hai ward 41 mein kya fayda
bhai Urgent complaint: unauthorized building ward 6 pls stop STILL not resolved!!!
you know this is to inform you that road dug up for construction never repaired ward 22 3 din se This is ridiculous!
we the residents of ward 40 want to say that paani nahi aa raha ward 40 mein from last tuesday se Disgusting situation.
I mean I want to report that water filter getting choked daily ward no 25 watr very bad quality
hi, death registered but certificate pending ward no 4 Kab tak wait karein???
Big water leak kurla since monday nobody coming to fix
you know this is to inform you that govandi ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili Kab tak wait karein???
This is to inform you that ward no 21 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since diwali से नहीं मिला
bhai death certifcate not ISSUED W-12 office since the rain We are very tired of this.
Despite our previous complaints, pothole NEAR D-BLOCK wrd 21 bike ACCIDENT happened yesterday
This is to inform you that all street lamps broken wadr 3 completely dark Kab tak wait karein???
basically we the residents of ward 32 want to say that supply cut without notice ward 32 since last month Please take urgent action!!!
actually urgent complaint: daily wter supply disrupted w-14 past past 2 weeks pipeline blocked maybe Kab tak wait karein???
i want to report that road broken badly wardd no 5 in our colony car tyres punctured 2 times
actually despite our previous cmplts, w-19 में near d-block कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध This has been going on too long.
urgent cmplt: khadda hai in our colony wardd 13 mein accident hua tha kal
I mean i want to report that all street lamps broken bandra west completely dark This has been going on too long.
sir It's BEEN 3 din SE and still cow sitting on MAIN ROAD wrd 26 traffic blocked
I mean illegall building ban raha hai w-3 mein rok do
u see hello sir, dengue cases increasing ward 36 stagnant water not removed
urgent complaint: malaria fear shivaji nagar drainn not cleaned since the monsoon
I mean We THE RESIDENTS of ward 35 want to say that wrad 35 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक Very disappointed with MC.
actually this is to inform you that all street lamps broken santacruz completely dark When will this be fixed??
you know nullah blocked w-10 mosquito breeding happening
you know we the residents of ward 4 want to say that all street lamps broken ward 4 completely dark
despite our previous complaints, ward no 12 में near the school कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Nobody is listening to us.
like to whom it may concern, bandra west में near the park के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक
hi, ward no 28 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
yaar to whom it may concern, fire broke out at the main road wardd 3 fire brigade delayed
respected officer, manhole open hai at the corner koi gir jayega please cover lagao
u see we the residents of ward 44 want to say that huge potholes in our colony ward 44 very dangerous
I mean illegal DUMP at plot NO 45 WARD no 4 flies mosquitoes everywhere
actually no water since over a fortnight in W-13 when will tanker come Disgusting situation.
Drainage overflow during rain ward 2 flooding streets STILL not resolved!!!
you know This is to inform you that online PAYMENT FAIL ho gayi wadr 37 mein PAISE kat gaye When will this be fixed??
I want to report that paani NAHI aa raha ward 49 MEIN sinc 3 days se Nobody is listening to us.
bhai i want to report that ward no 17 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
sir hi, ward no 5 में over a fortnight से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय STILL not resolved!!!
like Dear MC, at the JUNCTION ward no 19 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है Nobody is listening to us.
I mean STREET light noot working ward 19 IN the lane kaafi dino se very dark AT night Very disappointed with MC.
urgent complaint: nullah blocked ward no 24 mosquito breeding happening Please take urgent action!!!
you know hello sir, baarish ke baad drain overflow w-1 mein road nahi dikh raha STILL not resolved!!!
u see Hi, WADR no 6 में नामांतरण 3 din SE से लंबित है कब होगा STILL not resolved!!!
like Hi, fire at building Pimpri in front of my building please send FIRE engine Kab tak wait karein???
like To whom it may concern, aaj fir gira mai wardd 29 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche कब होगा काम???
w-12 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Disgusting situation.
u see To whom it may concern, हमारे Kurla में since monday से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे कब होगा काम???
to whom it may concern, wrad no 12 office mein plan submit kiya from 4 day reply nahi
u see Despite our previous complaints, neighbor built extra floor without permission W-10
actually To whom it may concern, wadr 33 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र sine 3 days से नहीं मिला
basically respected officer, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward 43 me for 2 days se STILL not resolved!!!
tbh it's been since morning and still builder ne maal in the bylane wadala road pe daal diya hata do Disgusting situation.
tbh hi, ward 9 में स्ट्रीट लाइट kaafi dino se से बंद है रात में अंधेरा This is ridiculous!
basically hi, ward 22 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है This is ridiculous!
tbh new trade license nto processed wrad no 16 since the monsoon
Despite our previous complaints, raat ko construction chal raha tha wardd 2 bina permission
I mean Hi, pipe phoot gayi w-16 at the signal mein paani beh raha hai
urgnt complaint: illegall building ban raha hai wrad 24 mein rok do Nobody is listening to us.
actually online PAYMENT fail ho gayi Kurla mein paise kat gaye Nobody is listening to us.
to whom it may concern, massive crater sized pot hole in the lane ward 38 since kaafi dino se
₹25000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 13 Disgusting situation.
actually WE the residents of ward 24 want to SAY that safai NAHI HO rahi wrad 24 महीने भर से se KACHRA UTHAO na
DESPITE our previous COMPLAINTS, Andheri EAST mein mutation nahi hua 3 din se se apply kiya tha
actually i want to report that ward no 4 office mein plan submit kiya since last month reply nahi When will this be fixed??
actually this is to inform you that watr leakage near d-block w-13 huge wastage plese fix
basically urgent complaint: ward 19 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain 3 din se se bahut takleef Very disappointed with MC.
like urgent complain: new trade license not processed w-12 since the rain Nobody is listening to us.
you know dengue cases increasing wadr 21 stagnant watr nto removed
bhai despite our previous complaints, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward no 12 colour bhi change hai Very disappointed with MC.
like people dumping garbage at plot no 45 ward 5 very unhygienic Kab tak wait karein???
urgent complaint: road broken badly ward 16 at the main road car tyres punctured 2 times Very disappointed with MC.
actually drain choked ward no 16 since diwali foul smell health hazard
u see i want to report that mutation ka koi status nahi mila w-19 ka When will this be fixed??
Hi, fire broke out in the bylane ward 13 fire brigade delayed When will this be fixed??
respected officer, nullah blocked ward 7 mosquito breeding happening
tbh we the residents of powai want to say that builder started work at night powai behind the mall no permission When will this be fixed??
Dear mc, ward no 4 office mein plan submit kiya since yesterday reply nahi This has been going on too long.
yaar Despite our previous complaints, W-16 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete This is ridiculous!
u see respected officer, raat ko construction chal raha tha ward 26 bina permission
I mean Respected officer, gaaye SADAK pe khadi HAIN ward 14 traffic jam ho raha
you know it's been past 6 hours and still street light wire hanging loose near sector 7 thane shock risk Please take urgent action!!!
you know Urgent complaint: massive crater sized pothole in the bylane wrd no 7 since since 3 days This has been going on too long.
Despite our previous complaints, ward 42 में व्यापार लाइसेंस since last month से लंबित है कब होगा काम???
despite our previous complaints, 3 people in my building got dengue wadr 29 pleese spray Disgusting situation.
bhai Despite our previous complaints, builder ne maal at the signal Pimpri road pe DAAL diya hata DO This has been going on too long.
u see hi, powai ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega
sir It's been since yesterday and still street light toot gayi near sector 7 ward 36 since yesterday se Please take urgent action!!!
Dear mc, ward 37 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
you know urgent complaint: construction without plan approval wardd no 29
bacche ka certificate nahi bana mulund mein since last month lag gaye Please take urgent action!!!
basically Dear MC, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai wrd 39 colour bhi CHANGE hai
hello sir, ward no 24 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua sine last night se Disgusting situation.
basically garbage wala nahi aaya ward 44 at the naka since yesterday se Disgusting situation.
like hi, neighbor built extra floor without permission w-16 Disgusting situation.
I mean bhari watr leakage in the bylane sadak bhar gayi This has been going on too long.
i want to report that pipe leaking ward 14 outside my house rood flooded Nobody is listening to us.
tbh w-9 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai We are very tired of this.
yaar respected officer, pipe leaking wrad 47 in front of my building road flooded Please take urgent action!!!
tbh respected officer, oc application pending sine the rain w-7 office
u see raat ko construction chal raha tha ward 32 bina permission This is ridiculous!
tbh we the residents of w-14 want to say that w-14 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo Kab tak wait karein???
hi, khadda hai in front of my building wadr no 9 mein accident hua tha kal Nobody is listening to us.
to whom it may concern, we r nto getting water ward 5 4 from 4 days wat is happening This has been going on too long.
property mutation nt done ward 32 applied snce morning ago
This is to inform you that building permission ke liye since last month wait kar raha hoon ward 17
I mean respected officer, ward no 6 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति past 2 weeks से बाधित है Kab tak wait karein???
massive crater sized pothole at the signal chembur snce for 5 days Kab tak wait karein???
you know hi, road full of potholes andheri east for 10 dyas vehicles getting damaged
Ward 35 office se birth certficate nahi mila sine monday se Disgusting situation.
We the RESIDENTS of W-18 WANT to say that waterlogging after rain W-18 MOSQUITO problem GETTING worse Very disappointed with MC.
dear mc, supply cut without notice ward 10 for the past week Please take urgent action!!!
yaar Hello sir, major pipe burst in the lane ward 9 water wasting
tbh RESPECTED OFFICER, illegal dump NEAR sector 7 W-10 FLIES MOSQUITOES everywhere
basically despite our previous complaints, w-13 में स्ट्रीट लाइट since morning से बंद है रात में अंधेरा We are very tired of this.
yaar ward NO 10 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें When will this be fixed??
u see ward 47 में कचरा गाड़ी since the monsoon से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
wardd 23 near the temple BINA permission construction HO RAHA HAI
this is to inform you that trade license renewal pending past 6 hours shop w-13 When will this be fixed??
like To whom it may concern, illegal constraction ward 41 near station without permission Nobody is listening to us.
respected officer, street light wire hanging loose near the temple ward 21 shock risk
tbh entire footpath occupied by shop near the temple ward 11 since the rain
like HI, trade license renewal pending महीने भर से shop ward 24 कब होगा काम???
sir it's been महीने भर से and still illegl building ban raha hai wrad no 20 mein rok do
u see respected officer, applied birth cert wardd 31 for 5 days back no movement STILL not resolved!!!
we the residents of kurla want to say that kurla mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Nobody is listening to us.
sir this is to inform you that illegal building ban raha hai ward 37 mein rok do This has been going on too long.
i want to report that correction needed birth certificate ward 26 wrong name spelled When will this be fixed??
like applied for mutation महीने भर से no update ward no 25
actually pipe toot gayi near station ward no 22 ke paas jaldi aao This has been going on too long.
Waste nto picked ward 7 at the main raod snce the monsoon piling up on road Disgusting situation.
Hi, Chembur में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक Disgusting situation.
like This is to inform you that footpath pe encroachment hai AT plot no 45 W-2 MEIN When will this be fixed??
like to whom it may concern, 1 light working out of 10 in ward no 6 rest all dead STILL not resolved!!!
I mean despite our previous complaints, w-18 mein mutation nahi hua since 3 days se apply kiya tha
we the residents of w-18 want to say that wire latki hui hai in front of my building shock lag sakta hai kisi ko Please take urgent action!!!
Hi, paani ki problem hai w-11 mein for 2 days se nala band hogaya This has been going on too long.
you know TO whom IT may concern, huge potholes AT plot no 45 W-13 VERY dangerous Nobody is listening to us.
bhai despite our previous complaints, ward no 1 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
tbh this is to inform you that no wator in kurla over a fortnight Disgusting situation.
bhai hello sir, tax notice aaya hai ward 49 ka lekin payment ho chuki कब होगा काम???
like hi, ward 18 में कचरा गाड़ी 1 hafte se से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
you know I want to report that garbage not colected ward 41 since last night unbearable smell
like To whom it may concern, 1 lgiht working out of 10 in Malviya Nagar rest all dead
actually hi, machhar bahut hain wrad 41 for 2 days se spray kab karoge This is ridiculous!
yaar dear mc, applied for mutation sinc the rain no update ward no 27 Very disappointed with MC.
sir कचरेवाले को बुलाया w-7 में पर कोई नहीं आया
actually correction needed birth certificate ward no 22 wrong name spelled Nobody is listening to us.
tbh hi, dustbin bhar gayi ward 8 mein khali karo please
actually mosquito breeding open DRAIN WRAD no 13 health risk Very disappointed with MC.
It's been for 10 dayz and still ward 2 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Please take urgent action!!!
sir hi, ward 32 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है This has been going on too long.
I mean online propety tax payment failed amount ₹12000 deducted ward 35 कब होगा काम???
u see we the residents of ward 2 want to say that road broken badly ward 2 near d-block car tyres punctured 2 times Disgusting situation.
basically Need death certificate urgently wrad 18 for insurance
respected officer, हमारे ward 30 में kaafi dino se से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे Very disappointed with MC.
bhai i want to report that kab aayega paani ward 37 mein itna wait kar rahe hain Kab tak wait karein???
yaar hello sir, stinking garbage pile near sector 7 wadr no 4 dogs spreading it everywhere We are very tired of this.
Dear MC, wardd no 14 में कचरा गाड़ी FOR 5 day से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
bhai dear mc, we r nt getting water wrd no 27 4 since last night wat is happening
tbh To whom it may concern, applied birth cert Indiranagar since diwali back no movement
actually Despite OUR previous complaints, W-6 में कचरा गाड़ी SNCE 3 days से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है When will this be fixed??
yaar Dear MC, dustbin overflowing W-1 not emptied since monday Nobody is listening to us.
yaar Despite our previous complaints, my area ward no 22 has not seen garbaje van since 3 din se Please take urgent action!!!
despite our previous cmplts, कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward no 26 में पर कोई नहीं आया
oc application pending since last month wadr 37 office
khadda hai in front of my building ward 44 mein accident hua tha kal This has been going on too long.
My area ward 6 has not seen garbage van sinc for the past week This is ridiculous!
wardd 49 में नामांतरण since the rain से लंबित है कब होगा Please take urgent action!!!
yaar urgent complaint: nali choke ho gayi indiranagar ganda paani sadak pe aa raha Please take urgent action!!!
tbh Teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya wrd 31 ka kuda uthane Kab tak wait karein???
Mutation request pending pimpri from last tuesday pls process We are very tired of this.
actually it's been महीने भर से and still baarish ke baad drian overflow ward 3 mein road nahi dikh raha
yaar urgent complain: building plan submitted Pimpri kaafi dino se no response STILL not resolved!!!
i want to report that dirty smelly wateer supply wardd no 27 past 2 weeks health risk
I mean hi, ward no 9 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति sine last night से बाधित है Disgusting situation.
actually Dear MC, wrong property TAX assessment ward 4 proerty Very disappointed with MC.
despite our previous complaints, w-8 में at the signal पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
yaar respected officer, my shop has no license because laxmi nagar office noot responding
sir brown water coming W-15 children getting sick This has been going on too long.
i want to report that fire noc required ward 20 noot getting it This is ridiculous!
bhai daily water supply disrupted w-12 past since the monsoon pipeline blocked maybe
sir i want to report that ward 13 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र 1 hafte se से नहीं मिला Please take urgent action!!!
This is to inform you that waterlogging after rain wrd 8 mosquito problem getting worse We are very tired of this.
sir dear mc, safai nahi ho rahi wrd no 4 over a fortnight se kachra uthao na
It's been since the rain and still unauthorized building ward no 10 please stop
u see all street lamps broken ward 30 completely dark
urgent complaint: ward no 21 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain kaafi dino se se bahut takleef Very disappointed with MC.
thane की सड़क की हालत खराब है since yesterday से मरम्मत नहीं Kab tak wait karein???
malaria fear ward 42 drain not cleaned since monday
bhai Hello sir, mosquito problem W-16 at the main road no fogging for 2 dyas
you know We the residents OF ward 45 want to say that raat ko construction chal raha tha ward 45 bina permission
basically Dear MC, W-16 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक We are very tired of this.
respected officer, ward no 7 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति since the monsoon से लंबित है Please take urgent action!!!
urgnt complaint: road broken badly ward no 18 near the market car tyres PUNCTURED 2 times Very disappointed with MC.
sir Respected officer, wter from tap W-4 yellow coloured not drinkable कब होगा काम???
it's been from 4 days and still my baby born from 4 dayz certificate still not ready ward no 2
i want to report that all street lamps broken wadr 19 completely dark We are very tired of this.
swm worker absent from Indiranagar opposite the hospital for 10 days Nobody is listening to us.
tbh Despite our previous complains, dirty smelly water supply Indiranagar from 4 days health risk This is ridiculous!
dear mc, unauthorized building ward 38 please stop
paid property tax ward 43 but receipt not received We are very tired of this.
tbh Hi, mulund में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
basically applied trade license since yesterday ago wrd 5 still waiting
you know Hello sir, we called the garbage number 3 times ward 7 no response This has been going on too long.
despite our previous complaints, water from tap ward no 18 yellow coloured not drinkable कब होगा काम???
u see Wrong property tax assessment laxmi nagar property
bhai It's been from last tuesday and still W-18 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
I want to report that wardd 44 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
bhai toilet gandy hai in front of my building W-13 since 3 days se safai KARO कब होगा काम???
actually hi, toilet gandy hai at plot no 45 w-10 महीने भर से se safai karo
basically toilet band rehta hai w-8 mein kya fayda Nobody is listening to us.
I mean no public toilet w-13 near sector 7 open defecation happening
basically i want to report that wadr 1 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं This has been going on too long.
I mean To whom it may concern, ward 35 में स्ट्रीट लाइट since yesterday से बंद है रात में अंधेरा STILL not resolved!!!
actually despite our previous complaints, water pressure very low behind the mall andheri east sinc the rain barely enough
basically i want to report that massive crater sized pothole in the lane kurla since 3 din se
you know ward no 22 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें Please take urgent action!!!
sir respected officer, registered birth since diwali but certificate not issued ward 17
to whom it may concern, pimpri क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति 3 din se से बाधित है
tbh hello sir, applied for mutation for 5 days no update ward no 14 When will this be fixed??
sir Despite our previous complaints, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward 9 me from 4 day se Kab tak wait karein???
I mean dear mc, cylinder blast hua opposite the hospital ward 2 mein emergency
I mean Hello sir, trade license renewal pending past 2 weeks shop ward no 18 Very disappointed with MC.
like Respected officer, W-18 at plot no 45 में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
hello sir, water has weird smell and colour vikhroli
tbh i want to report that w-13 में near the temple के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक Disgusting situation.
you know Despite our previous complaints, major pipe burst in our colony Chembur watr wasting कब होगा काम???
like urgent complain: bhari water leakage behind the mall sadak bhar gayi Please take urgent action!!!
tbh Respected officer, WARD 4 office se birth certficate nahi mila from 4 dyas se Nobody is listening to us.
actually to whom it may concern, w-2 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है This is ridiculous!
WASTE not PICKED Govandi near the park since last night piling UP on road Please take urgent action!!!
sir Respected officer, watr filter getting choked daily Matunga wter very bad quality STILL not resolved!!!
like daily water supply disrupted wrad no 6 past since the rain pipeline blocked maybe कब होगा काम???
u see hi, near sector 7 ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya wrad 46 mein since monday se
you know We the residents of wadr 42 want to say that tax notice came again even after paying wadr 42 Disgusting situation.
Dear mc, w-11 mein paani ka pipe since the rain se leak ho raha hai This is ridiculous!
Vikhroli में at plot no 45 पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है We are very tired of this.
actually this is to inform you that गड्ढे की वजह से pimpri में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Kab tak wait karein???
i want to report that illegal dump outside my house ward 5 flies mosquitoes everywhere When will this be fixed??
sir To whom IT may CONCERN, no streetlight W-7 near the market theft increasing
u see To whom it may concern, W-10 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है कब होगा काम???
yaar I want to report that ward no 1 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai We are very tired of this.
yaar despite our previous complaints, road broken badly ward 29 near the market car tyres punctured 2 times Disgusting situation.
like this is to inform you that manhole cover missing at the corner bandra west someone will fall This has been going on too long.
to whom it may concern, main pipeline burst malviya nagar water gushing out for 5 day We are very tired of this.
u see kab aayega paani wardd no 19 MEIN itna wait kar rahe hain Nobody is listening to us.
yaar it's been since the monsoon and still w-4 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
despite our previous complaints, road condition pathetic ward no 25 multiple potholes 1 hafte se Kab tak wait karein???
I mean my area ward 40 has nt seen garbage van snce for 2 days When will this be fixed??
I want to report that mosquito problem Bandra West at the corner no fogging 1 hafte se Kab tak wait karein???
Ward 8 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete
wrd 3 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi
Despite our previous complaints, rood broken badly Dharavi at the main road car tyres punctured 2 times
bhai we the residents of ward no 25 want to say that ward no 25 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua from last tuesday se
u see we the residents of malviya nagar want to say that mutation ka koi status nahi mila malviya nagar ka Disgusting situation.
basically applied for mutation 3 din se no update ward 39 Very disappointed with MC.
bhai despite our previous complaints, dengue cases increasing ward no 15 stagnant water noot removed Nobody is listening to us.
actually Dustbin overflowing wrd no 21 not emptied महीने भर से Kab tak wait karein???
This is to inform you that unauthorized building Vikhroli please stop कब होगा काम???
ward 29 में नामांतरण for the past week से लंबित है कब होगा When will this be fixed??
actually hi, hadapsar में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है
sir hello sir, daily watr supply disrupted ward no 14 past for the past week pipeline blocked maybe When will this be fixed??
To whom it may concern, swm worker absent from ward 15 near STATION since the rain
u see building mein aag ward 32 jaldi aao
hi, ward no 5 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति snce last night से बाधित है Please take urgent action!!!
basically Despite our previous cmplts, road dug up for constraction never repaired vile parle over a fortnight कब होगा काम???
property mutation nto done W-1 applied sinc yesterday ago
I mean Despite our previous complaints, STREET ligh not WORKING wrd no 8 in the lane past 2 WEEKS very dark at night Kab tak wait karein???
like gutter overflow wrd 10 people walking in waste water Please take urgent action!!!
sir It's been since monday and still street light noot working ward 34 at plot no 45 since monday very dark at night कब होगा काम???
paid some amount property TAX but still showing dues Santacruz STILL not resolved!!!
Hello sir, manhole open hai near the school koi gir jayega plz cover lagao Disgusting situation.
yaar Despite our previous complaints, WARD no 24 में कचरा गाड़ी from last tuesday से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है Disgusting situation.
This is TO inform YOU that ward no 5 में मच्छरों की समस्या past 2 weeks से है कब होगा काम???
actually Dear mc, building permission ke liye since diwali wait kar raha hoon ward no 21 This has been going on too long.
u see building plan submitted ward no 17 since last month no response When will this be fixed??
tbh Despite our previous cmplts, road pe gadd hai near the school wardd 23 bike wale girte hain This is ridiculous!
Dear MC, garbage wala nahi aaya Dharavi at the naka over a fortnight se Disgusting situation.
basically I want to report that waterlogging after rain W-19 mosquito problem getting worse
I mean Urgent complaint: meri beti ko dengue hua ward no 9 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua Kab tak wait karein???
bhai respected officer, bacche ka certficate nahi bana ward 7 mein for 2 days lag gaye STILL not resolved!!!
tbh dear mc, mosquito problem ward 40 at the corner no fogging since diwali STILL not resolved!!!
u see no public toilet kurla in the bylane open defecation happening
Urgnt complaint: drainn choked ward 14 since diwali foul smell health hazard Kab tak wait karein???
tbh Hi, big water leak ward no 28 from last tuesday nobody coming to fix Please take urgent action!!!
basically Hello sir, DEATH certificate nto ISSUED BORIVALI office SINCE last night Nobody is listening to us.
actually Dear MC, meri BETI KO dengue hua Koramangala mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua कब होगा काम???
actually dear mc, street ligh toot gayi near sector 7 wrd no 14 since diwali se This has been going on too long.
like Despite our previous complaints, toilet broken and stinking WARD no 28 nobody cleaning Disgusting situation.
I mean hi, near the market ward no 7 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko This is ridiculous!
you know hi, w-17 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye Disgusting situation.
we the residents of borivali want to say that stray dogs not sterilized borivali population increasing Kab tak wait karein???
to whom it may concern, garbage wala nahi aaya ward 44 near sector 7 since the monsoon se
bhai hi, my shop has no license because malviya nagar office not responding STILL not resolved!!!
you know respected officer, cylinder blast hua in the lane w-16 mein emergency Disgusting situation.
actually Despite our previous complaints, Karol Bagh mein dukan KA license renew nahi hua from 4 days se
yaar हमारे w-1 में from last tuesday से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे Very disappointed with MC.
like my building outside my house ward 45 has no water from for the past week what to do STILL not resolved!!!
basically urgent complain: toilet band rehta hai w-13 mein kya fayda
It's been over a fortnight and still water not coming FROM tap at the corner W-13 This has been going on too long.
basically to whom it may concern, trade license ke liye since monday se wait kar raha hoon ward 26 Disgusting situation.
yaar To whom it may concern, tax notice aaya hai ward 9 ka lekin payment ho chuki Disgusting situation.
I mean Despite our previous cmplts, W-6 mein light nahi hai RAAT ko andhera bahut hota HAI We are very tired of this.
yaar water pressure very low at the naka w-5 since last night barely enough
Hello sir, drainage overflow during rain ward 9 flooding streets This has been going on too long.
basically it's been sinc morning and still paid ₹3500 property tax but still showing dues w-2 We are very tired of this.
Respected officer, MAIN PIPELINE burst ward 10 WATER gushing out 1 hafte se
you know it's been since diwali and still ward 12 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है We are very tired of this.
actually respected officer, garbage not collected wadr 47 1 hafte se unbearable smell This has been going on too long.
like mosquito problem W-12 at the signal no fogging from 4 days Nobody is listening to us.
sir I want to report that gaaye SADAK pe KHADI hain ward 23 traffic jam ho raha
I mean despite our previous complaints, ward 26 में past 6 hours से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
sir hi, my area ward no 21 has not seen garbage van sinc kaafi dino se STILL not resolved!!!
u see despite our previous complains, big water leak ward 7 sine monday nobody coming to fix This has been going on too long.
bhai we the residents of wadr 35 want to say that paani ki problem hai ward 35 mein since yesterday se nala band hogaya Please take urgent action!!!
you know naam galat likha hai certifcate mein ward no 26 ka कब होगा काम???
sir street lgiht nto working borivali near d-block past 6 hours very dark at night
bhai ward no 23 में व्यापार लाइसेंस past 2 weeks से लंबित है Please take urgent action!!!
respected officer, all street lamps broken ward 7 completely dark When will this be fixed??
sir bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward 32 mein kaafi dino se lag gaye
Hi, कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 45 में पर कोई नहीं आया Disgusting situation.
tbh Urgent complaint: in the lane ward no 6 ka kuda uthao yaar 1 hafte se se nahi utha
u see gaaye sadak pe khadi hain matunga traffic jam ho raha Kab tak wait karein???
you know no water in ward no 28 past 6 hours
safai nahi ho rahi bandra west past 2 weeks se kachra uthao na
daily water supply disrupted ward no 17 past 1 hafte se pipeline blocked maybe
tbh correction needed birth certficate Borivali wrong name spelled We are very tired of this.
sir mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward 31 Kab tak wait karein???
you know I want to report that my baby born महीने भर से certificate still noot ready ward no 1 We are very tired of this.
you know It's been past 6 hours and still paani nahi aa raha ward no 22 mein past 6 hours se This is ridiculous!
I mean urgent complaint: wrd no 11 में नामांतरण from 4 day से लंबित है कब होगा This is ridiculous!
sir dear mc, street lgiht toot gayi at the naka ward 30 from 4 days se Disgusting situation.
basically To WHOM it may concern, W-7 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय since the MONSOON से साफ नहीं हुआ
sir paani mein mitti aa rahi hai wardd no 21 colour bhi change hai STILL not resolved!!!
bhai this is to inform you that footpath pe encroachment hai behind the mall ward no 14 mein
like dear mc, road full of potholes wrad no 14 1 hafte se vehicles getting damaged
tbh drain blocked w-1 behind the mall sewage overflowing on road
like wrad no 2 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since morning से नहीं मिला STILL not resolved!!!
sir urgent complaint: pipe leaking outside near d-block ward no 27 creating pothole also
I mean stray cattle blocking road WARD 23 since last month Nobody is listening to us.
bhai DESPITE our previous complaints, ward 43 में near the market पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है Nobody is listening to us.
tbh urgent complaint: commencement certiifcate not received ward 32 despite approval
hello sir, kachra nahi utha wrad 27 mein since morning se bahut badbu STILL not resolved!!!
basically we the residents of vile parle want to say that no water in vile parle since yesterday Kab tak wait karein???
tbh To whom it may concern, my AREA ward no 23 has nto seen garbage van SINCE past 6 HOURS Disgusting situation.
hi, wrong property tax assessment ward no 25 proprty Please take urgent action!!!
like online property tax payment failed amount ₹25000 deducted ward 28 This has been going on too long.
actually i want to report that हमारे karol bagh में kaafi dino se से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे This is ridiculous!
you know this is to inform you that garbage lying on road ward 41 past 2 weeks disease risk
urgent complaint: manhole cover missing near the market wardd 25 someone will fall Very disappointed with MC.
u see It's been 1 hafte se and still construction waste dumped on rood ward 19 by builder Nobody is listening to us.
like To whom it may concern, paid property tax ward 39 but receipt not received
you know street light toot gayi near the park Pimpri from 4 day se When will this be fixed??
DEAR MC, massive crater sized pothole near the park W-16 SNCE 1 hafte se This has been going on too long.
like this is to inform you that ward no 22 में स्ट्रीट लाइट past 2 weeks से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
you know this is to inform you that raat ko constuction chal raha tha ward 19 bina permission We are very tired of this.
ward 25 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Disgusting situation.
Dustbin bhar gayi ward no 15 mein khali karo please Nobody is listening to us.
yaar Hello sir, ward no 17 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है for 2 days से
W-13 में for 2 dayz से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय This has been going on too long.
you know despite our previous cmplts, pack of dogs chasing people ward 1 very scary
it's been for 2 days and still paani nahi aa raha ward no 17 mein for 2 days se This is ridiculous!
actually i want to report that ward no 27 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
like death registered but certificate pending koramangala STILL not resolved!!!
I mean we the residents of ward no 11 want to say that correction needed birth certificate ward no 11 wrong name spelled Nobody is listening to us.
basically dear mc, dustbin overflowing ward 12 not emptied for 2 days
hi, dengue cases increasing ward 8 stagnant water nt removed Nobody is listening to us.
I mean we the residents of ward 22 want to say that gutter overflow ward 22 people walking in waste wateer
sir to whom it may concern, pipe toot gayi at the naka ward 28 ke paas jaldi aao
near sector 7 ward no 23 ka kuda uthao yaar महीने भर से se nahi utha Kab tak wait karein???
We the residents of ward 18 want to SAY that ward 18 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi MILI STILL not resolved!!!
u see toilet broken and stinking shivaji nagar nobody cleaning This is ridiculous!
it's been since 3 days and still at the signal w-14 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
yaar dustbin overflowing ward no 10 nt emptied since the monsoon
yaar respected officer, my scooter fell in pothole wrd 39 in front of my building i got hurt Nobody is listening to us.
bhai we the residents of ward 33 want to say that need death certificate urgently ward 33 for insurance We are very tired of this.
actually Brown water coming w-11 children getting sick
sir it's been since monday and still govandi में opposite the hospital अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है कब होगा काम???
tbh builder started work at night wadr no 29 in our colony no permission
bhai We the residents of ward 45 want TO say that BIG wateer leak WARD 45 since last night nobody coming to fix
respected officer, drainage overflow during rain wrd no 6 flooding streets Disgusting situation.
u see W-13 office mein plan submit kiya over a fortnight reply nahi Kab tak wait karein???
hello sir, कचरेवाले को बुलाया wrad 41 में पर कोई नहीं आया We are very tired of this.
Hi, FIRE at building ward 40 IN front OF my building plz send fire engine Nobody is listening to us.
basically i want to report that stray cattle blocking rood ward 26 since diwali Kab tak wait karein???
bhai Respected officer, public toilet ward no 10 very dirty not cleaned since last night Very disappointed with MC.
yaar dear mc, kab aayega paani wardd no 19 mein itna wait kar rahe hain
actually Despite our previous complaints, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya shivaji nagar ka kuda uthane
Despite our previous complaints, ward 18 ki ligth band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein Very disappointed with MC.
water supply stopped powai sine last month residents suffering badly Please take urgent action!!!
To whom it may concern, MASSIVE crater sized pothole outside MY house Pimpri sinc for 5 days
basically i want to report that w-11 में स्ट्रीट लाइट महीने भर से से बंद है रात में अंधेरा STILL not resolved!!!
like I want to report that naam galat likha hai certiifcate mein w-8 ka
we the residents of pimpri want to say that pimpri में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए कब होगा काम???
actually this is to inform you that ward no 8 की सड़क की हालत खराब है for the past week से मरम्मत नहीं This has been going on too long.
like urgnt complaint: big water leak W-14 over a fortnight nobody coming to fix Nobody is listening to us.
basically despite our previous cmplts, toilet band rehta hai wrd 48 mein kya fayda Very disappointed with MC.
dear mc, street light not working ward 20 behind the mall for 5 days very dark at night
bhai It's been over a FORTNIGHT and STILL wrd 1 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
u see many stray dogs ward 18 AT the SIGNAL biting residents Kab tak wait karein???
Hi, drain choked ward 6 since the monsoon foul smell health hazard कब होगा काम???
i want to report that dirty smelly water supply wardd no 11 since yesterday health risk
like I want to report that wrad 29 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye This is ridiculous!
Dear mc, main pipeline burst ward 14 water gushing out since the monsoon When will this be fixed??
you know dear mc, ward no 22 ki roda bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
basically Encroachment on footpath at the naka hadapsar pedestrians cant walk Nobody is listening to us.
sir it rained and entire roaad disappeared ward 41 only pits left Nobody is listening to us.
basically We the residents of ward 1 want to say that wateer filter getting choked daily wadr 1 wateer very bad quality This is ridiculous!
I mean dear mc, we r not getting watr indiranagar 4 since last night wat is happening
I mean to whom it may concern, footpath pe encroachment hai near d-block w-13 mein We are very tired of this.
like wrad 33 office hi nahi uthata PHONE trade license ke liye
like death certifcate not issued POWAI office SINCE yesterday
like it's been past 6 hours and still w-6 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है We are very tired of this.
yaar We the residents of ward 19 WANT to SAY that at the signal ward 19 MEIN kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
tbh We the residents of ward 29 want to say that ward 29 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain from 4 day se bahut takleef Disgusting situation.
like many stray dogs wardd 7 in front of my building biting residents
yaar pipe leaking w-4 in front of my building raod flooded Please take urgent action!!!
despite our previous complaints, cow sitting on main road vile parle traffic blocked Very disappointed with MC.
bhai i want to report that commencement certiifcate noot received ward no 24 despite approval
u see Machhar bahut hain w-7 from last tuesday se spray kab karoge We are very tired of this.
tbh Dear MC, grabage truck NOT coming ward no 18 SINCE 3 DAYS Nobody is listening to us.
dear mc, footpath pe encroachment hai near sector 7 ward 15 mein When will this be fixed??
u see it's been past 2 weeks and still stray cattle blocking road ward no 4 past 2 weeks Kab tak wait karein???
sir We the residents of WRD no 11 WANT to say that ward no 11 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र for the past week से नहीं मिला
like despite our previous complaints, kab aayega paani malviya nagar mein itna wait kar rahe hain
tbh tax notice came again even after paying w-12
sir raod pe GADD hai near the market ward no 18 bike wale girte hain
like we the residents of w-4 want to say that property mutation not done w-4 applied since yesterday ago Very disappointed with MC.
it's been 3 din se and still wrd 5 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai Very disappointed with MC.
To whom it may concern, ward 42 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है We are very tired of this.
I mean RESPECTED officer, ward 35 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति for 10 days से लंबित है
I mean all street LAMPS broken ward no 17 completely dark This is ridiculous!
Despite our previous complaints, my shop has no license because ward 26 office not responding This is ridiculous!
yaar powai mein sadak pe bade khadde hain since last month se bahut takleef Kab tak wait karein???
u see online property tax payment failed amount ₹12000 deducted ward no 15 When will this be fixed??
it's been snce last night and still water leakage in the lane wrad 18 huge wastage please fix Nobody is listening to us.
water not coming from tap near the park andheri east Very disappointed with MC.
like it's been from 4 dayz and still manhole cover missing at the naka santacruz someone will fall When will this be fixed??
i want to report that toilet broken and stinking ward 31 nobody cleaning This is ridiculous!
I mean It's been past 6 hours and still supply cut without notice Laxmi Nagar past 6 hours
u see WARDD 41 में नामांतरण past 2 weeks से लंबित है कब होगा Please take urgent action!!!
actually it's been महीने भर से and still hadapsar से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र महीने भर से से नहीं मिला When will this be fixed??
sir urgent complaint: building mein aag andheri east jaldi aao This is ridiculous!
like W-12 में नाली बंद है sinc monday से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
like urgent cmplt: wrad 35 में कचरा गाड़ी sine the monsoon से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
u see Despite OUR previous complaints, ANDHERI East near the TEMPLE bina permission construction ho raha HAI This is ridiculous!
hi, trade license renewal pending over a fortnight shop ward no 18
naam galat likha hai certificate mein wrd 24 ka STILL not resolved!!!
you know to whom it may concern, ward 40 mein death certificate nahi mila since the rain se urgent hai STILL not resolved!!!
basically we the residents of ward 33 want to say that birth certificate not received ward 33 office since the rain Kab tak wait karein???
basically it's been over a fortnight and still kurla में स्ट्रीट लाइट over a fortnight से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
We the residents OF Andheri East want to SAY that mosquito breeding open DRAINN ANDHERI East health risk
safai nahi ho rahi andheri east for 10 days se kachra uthao na STILL not resolved!!!
like Respected officer, wrad 38 mein mutation nahi hua since diwali se apply kiya tha When will this be fixed??
tbh We the residents of ward 8 want TO say that bhari water leakage outside MY house sadak bhar gayi
Hello sir, APPLIED trade license snce last night AGO ward 5 still waiting Kab tak wait karein???
entire ward 11 in darkness after 9pm from last tuesday This is ridiculous!
dear mc, construction waste dumped on road ward 44 by builder This has been going on too long.
you know this is to inform you that mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward no 28 ka This is ridiculous!
I mean I want to report that ward 13 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi
Hello sir, municipal tanker not coming to W-6 for 5 dayz Nobody is listening to us.
sir maa ka certificate chahiye vile parle office se over a fortnight ho gaye कब होगा काम???
dustbin bhar gayi wrad 2 mein khali karo plz We are very tired of this.
yaar respected officer, ward 14 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र past 2 weeks से नहीं मिला We are very tired of this.
sir W-1 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें This has been going on too long.
This is to inform you that drainage overflow during rain ward 23 flooding streets
u see drain choked ward 23 kaafi DINO se foul smell health hazard
Respected officer, small fire Koramangala opposite the hospital before it spreads plese come
actually despite our previous complaints, waste not picked ward 48 near the school since the rain piling up on rood
like to whom it may concern, water from tap wrd 35 yellow coloured not drinkable Please take urgent action!!!
dustbin overflowing ward 23 not emptied for the past week When will this be fixed??
you know It's been 3 din se and still water leakage near the market W-16 huge wastage please fix कब होगा काम???
like kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward no 4 me 1 hafte se se Nobody is listening to us.
yaar Hello SIR, KAB aayega paani ward no 29 MEIN itna wait kar rahe hain कब होगा काम???
Despite our previous complaints, paani ki bohot problem hai behind the mall mein W-2 ke andar This has been going on too long.
u see footpath pe ENCROACHMENT hai at the corner WRD 28 mein When will this be fixed??
this is to inform you that we r not getting water ward 29 4 महीने भर से wat is happening
I mean Karol Bagh में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है STILL not resolved!!!
like despite our previous complaints, water from tap ward 32 yellow coloured not drinkable
I mean Dear MC, wadr NO 9 near the PARK mein log kachra fek RAHE HAIN gandagi Disgusting situation.
Urgent complaint: paani nahi aa raha ward 47 mein kaafi dino se se Disgusting situation.
like Urgent complaint: my baby born snce yesterday certificate still noot ready w-1 STILL not resolved!!!
like to whom it may concern, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward 16 ka kuda uthane Kab tak wait karein???
actually this is to inform you that all street lamps broken ward no 22 completely dark
hello sir, my shop has no license because ward 33 office not responding When will this be fixed??
kurla ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete When will this be fixed??
basically hello sir, tax notice came again even after paying ward 3 Disgusting situation.
u see urgent complaint: applied for mutation 3 din se no update hadapsar STILL not resolved!!!
like Urgent complaint: water from tap ward no 12 yellow coloured not drinkable Disgusting situation.
it's been sine last month and still no response to building permission application indiranagar sinc last month When will this be fixed??
actually maa ka certificate chahiye ward no 4 office se since the rain ho gaye
u see i want to report that matunga में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है over a fortnight से This is ridiculous!
sir dear mc, fire noc required wadr 20 not getting it Nobody is listening to us.
like URGENT COMPLAINT: road repair karo W-10 mein kitne din se KHADDE hain yaar This is ridiculous!
basically hi, wrd no 6 की सड़क की हालत खराब है since last month से मरम्मत नहीं कब होगा काम???
tbh URGENT complaint: WARD no 16 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र from 4 DAYS से नहीं मिला कब होगा काम???
sir dear mc, ward no 10 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है Kab tak wait karein???
naam galat LIKHA hai certificate mein ward 39 ka
wire latki hui hai in the bylane shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
tbh i want to report that ward 31 में near sector 7 अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है STILL not resolved!!!
basically Respected officer, pipe leaking Chembur in the bylane road flooded
I mean Ward 40 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi कब होगा काम???
I mean W-17 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Very disappointed with MC.
to whom it may concern, wadr 8 mein paani band hai since the monsoon se log taras rahe hain When will this be fixed??
tbh respected officer, garbaje lying on road ward 9 3 din se disease risk Nobody is listening to us.
like This is to inform you that ward no 2 में near sector 7 अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
like To whom it may concern, ward 48 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति snce the monsoon से बाधित है
basically tap is dry ward 23 from 4 dayz please check the pipeline
u see It's been kaafi dino se and still it rained and entire road disappeared ward no 6 only pits left
bhai To whom it may concern, online payment fail ho gayi ward 24 mein paise kat gaye
dear mc, drain blocked matunga near station sewage overflowing on raod
yaar this is to inform you that building permission ke liye kaafi dino se wait kar raha hoon ward 36
bhai it's been from last tuesday and still toilet band rehta hai w-11 mein kya fayda We are very tired of this.
sir urgent cmplt: online payment fail ho gayi ward no 20 mein paise kat gaye Please take urgent action!!!
yaar manhole open hai near the school koi gir jayega please cover lagao Kab tak wait karein???
bhai this is to inform you that vikhroli ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge Please take urgent action!!!
I mean kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko andheri east mein urgnt karo When will this be fixed??
despite our previous complaints, daily water supply disrupted ward 27 past since diwali pipeline blocked maybe Kab tak wait karein???
I mean Dear MC, illegal dump in front of my building W-3 FLIES mosquitoes everywhere Please take urgent action!!!
Water not coming from tap behind the mall ward no 6 Kab tak wait karein???
bhai aaj fir gira mai wardd 28 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche
you know tax notice aaya hai wardd no 13 ka lekin payment ho chuki This is ridiculous!
bhai drain choked wrad 18 3 din se foul smell health hazard We are very tired of this.
Urgent complain: नाली से बदबू ward 9 में महीने भर से से असहनीय हो गई है
I mean i want to report that हमारे w-13 में from 4 days से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
yaar no water in ward no 8 past 6 hours कब होगा काम???
yaar Fire noc required ward 6 not getting it
yaar construction waste dumped on roaad govandi by builder
despite our previous complaints, oc application pending kaafi dino se wardd 31 office
i want to report that open manhole at the junction w-5 very dangerous especially at night Please take urgent action!!!
like Respected officer, pipe leaking wrd 36 at the main road road flooded Very disappointed with MC.
tbh it's been महीने भर से and still big wateer leak wadala महीने भर से nobody coming to fix Very disappointed with MC.
i want to report that ward 40 near the market bina permission construction ho raha hai कब होगा काम???
to whom it may concern, municipal tanker not coming to w-2 past 2 weeks
this is to inform you that bacche ka certficate nahi bana sion mein for 2 days lag gaye
it's been since diwali and still ward 4 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain Nobody is listening to us.
like respected officer, gaaye sadak pe khadi hain ward no 24 traffic jam ho raha Disgusting situation.
you know Dear MC, my area wrd 16 has not seen garbage van since since monday
urgent complain: cylinder blast hua near the temple ward 45 mein emergency This has been going on too long.
actually हमारे ward no 18 में snce 3 days से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे We are very tired of this.
we the residents of w-8 want to say that commencement certificate not received w-8 despite approval
urgent complaint: bhai wrad 22 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
I mean Respected officer, machhar bahut hain ward 42 1 hafte se se spray kab KAROGE This has been going on too long.
small fire w-6 in the lane before it spreads please come
you know Urgent complaint: construction without plan approval Malviya Nagar Nobody is listening to us.
like illegal BUILDING ban raha hai Vile Parle mein rok do Please take urgent action!!!
sewage smell unbearable ward no 17 past 6 hours kids cant go to school
tbh it's been 3 din se and still aaj bhi ward no 27 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo Disgusting situation.
respected officer, wrad 43 में मच्छरों की समस्या over a fortnight से है
sir despite our previous complaints, wrad 46 in the lane bina permission costrution ho raha hai When will this be fixed??
yaar respected officer, open manhole near d-block w-6 very dangerous especially at night Nobody is listening to us.
sir despite our previous complaints, fire noc required wrd no 25 not getting it
Respected OFFICER, brown water COMING Andheri East children getting sick This is ridiculous!
yaar we the residents of ward 3 want to say that water pipe cracked ward 3 near sector 7 road become muddy We are very tired of this.
u see pipe toot gayi near d-block karol bagh ke paas jaldi aao When will this be fixed??
it's been over a fortnight and still mulund से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र over a fortnight से नहीं मिला
this is to inform you that ward 4 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें Nobody is listening to us.
basically it's been from last tuesday and still ward 30 में कचरा गाड़ी from last tuesday से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है Kab tak wait karein???
despite our previous complaints, property tax portal down cannot pay ward 14
basically Dear MC, need death certificate urgently WRAD 16 for insurance
sir at the junction ward 48 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding
illegal building ban raha hai wrad 6 mein rok do
bhai it's been for 10 day and still paid ₹25000 propety tax but still showing dues ward 43 Nobody is listening to us.
yaar illegal dump at the signal ward no 20 flies mosquitoes everywhere We are very tired of this.
Construction waste dumped on road govandi by builder This is ridiculous!
we the residents of vikhroli want to say that vikhroli office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye कब होगा काम???
I mean Respected officer, vile parle में स्ट्रीट लाइट since diwali से बंद है रात में अंधेरा Disgusting situation.
we the residents of wardd no 15 want to say that dirty smelly water supply wadr no 15 3 din se health risk STILL not resolved!!!
we the residents of w-2 want to say that w-2 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi STILL not resolved!!!
like Respected officer, sion क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति for 5 days से बाधित है
sir Despite our previous complaints, toilet band rehta hai ward no 3 mein kya fayda
actually we the residents of ward no 26 want to say that open manhole near the market wardd no 26 very dangerous especially at night
dear mc, koramangala में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
Hi, WARD no 22 में कचरा गाड़ी for 2 dayz से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है STILL not resolved!!!
Manhole open hai outside my house koi gir jayega please cover lagao Kab tak wait karein???
tbh despite our previous complaints, roaad repair karo ward 29 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar This is ridiculous!
This is to inform you that maa ka certficate chahiye ward no 5 office se kaafi dino se ho gaye STILL not resolved!!!
bhai despite our previous complaints, नाली से बदबू ward 44 में 3 din se से असहनीय हो गई है STILL not resolved!!!
basically despite our previous complaints, mosquito breeding open drain ward 2 health risk Kab tak wait karein???
actually Respected officer, wrad no 13 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है Nobody is listening to us.
you know Hi, ward 47 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र from 4 days से नहीं मिला
yaar waste not picked ward 48 near D-block since yesterday piling up on road Very disappointed with MC.
like i want to report that main pipeline burst ward 28 wator gushing out over a fortnight We are very tired of this.
neighbor built extra floor without permission ward 48 Kab tak wait karein???
like respected officer, birth certificate not received ward 17 office महीने भर से
you know w-5 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi Disgusting situation.
i want to report that कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 42 में पर कोई नहीं आया
WARD NO 15 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र for THE past week से नहीं मिला Very disappointed with MC.
you know Hi, machhar bahut hain W-10 महीने भर से se spray kab karoge
respected officer, road pe gadd hai in front of my building ward no 17 bike wale girte hain Very disappointed with MC.
like Hello sir, no water in ward no 26 since morning This is ridiculous!
sir urgent complaint: wator pressure very low near the temple wardd 18 past 2 weeks barely enough Nobody is listening to us.
tbh kachra nahi utha ward 36 mein for 10 days se bahut badbu
i want to report that ward no 9 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain past 6 hours se bahut takleef We are very tired of this.
basically respected officer, powai में नामांतरण for 5 days से लंबित है कब होगा
I mean dear mc, pothole at the corner ward no 2 bike accident happened yesterday Disgusting situation.
tbh i want to report that unauthorized building matunga please stop When will this be fixed??
tbh respected officer, municipal tanker not coming to ward 46 since last month Please take urgent action!!!
basically hello sir, mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward no 26 ka
Hello sir, GUTTER bhar gaya wadr no 12 mein log paani mein chal rahe
yaar i want to report that builder ne maal in front of my building ward 39 road pe daal diya hata do Nobody is listening to us.
wadr 38 mein mutation nahi hua past 6 hours se apply kiya tha We are very tired of this.
I want to report THAT W-16 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Please take urgent action!!!
basically WARD 5 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं We are very tired of this.
you know despite our previous complaints, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko w-8 mein urgent karo कब होगा काम???
you know water pipe cracked w-12 near the school road become muddy
To whom it may concern, death registered but certificate pending Sion Please take urgent action!!!
u see my scooter fell in potholee ward no 18 near the market i got hurt
I mean to whom it may concern, construction waste dumped on road w-2 by builder When will this be fixed??
I mean nali choke ho gayi ward 44 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha
you know we r not getting wter ward no 17 4 महीने भर से wat is happening We are very tired of this.
dear mc, birth certificate nto received ward 10 office for the past week This has been going on too long.
u see Urgent complaint: no water since from 4 days in ward no 14 when will tanker come Disgusting situation.
like despite our previous complaints, machhar bahut hain w-11 for 2 days se spray kab karoge When will this be fixed??
respected officer, people dumping garbage near d-block shivaji nagar very unhygienic
basically dear mc, w-9 near the park में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं कब होगा काम???
yaar Respected officer, building plan submitted W-7 kaafi dino se no response Very disappointed with MC.
actually to whom it may concern, big water leak wardd 13 sine the monsoon nobody coming to fix
you know hello sir, toilet always locked wardd 19 in our colony useless facility
to whom it may concern, major pipe burst near sector 7 ward no 7 wateer wasting Disgusting situation.
We the residents of Andheri East want to say that Andheri East क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति from last tuesday से बाधित है Disgusting situation.
We the residents of ward 35 want to SAY THAT massive crater sized pothole at the corner wrd 35 snce since 3 days
actually I want to report that dengue cases increasing ward 3 stagnant water nto removed
it's been from 4 days and still footpath pe encroachment hai at the main road govandi mein This has been going on too long.
actually supply cut without notice ward 34 for 5 days
basically i want to report that municipal tanker not coming to ward no 21 since last night
i want to report that ward no 5 में नाली बंद है since the monsoon से सड़क पर गंदा पानी Please take urgent action!!!
behind the mall wardd 2 ka kuda uthao yaar past 2 weeks se nahi utha
Urgent COMPLAINT: wator NOT coming FROM tap in THE bylane Vile Parle
yaar Hello sir, dustbin overflowing ward 28 nt emptied for 5 days Disgusting situation.
actually we the residents of ward no 15 want to say that wrad no 15 में at the signal कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध This has been going on too long.
actually hi, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward 10 colour bhi change hai Nobody is listening to us.
yaar We the residents of ward 43 WANT to say that STRAY cattle blocking road ward 43 महीने भर से This has been going on too long.
bhai It's BEEN since last night AND STILL paani nahi AA raha ward 45 mein since last night SE STILL not resolved!!!
basically we the residents of ward no 1 want to say that brown water coming ward no 1 children getting sick
Respected officer, DRAINAGE overflow during rain ward no 28 flooding streets Nobody is listening to us.
urgent complain: pipe leaking wadala near the park road flooded This is ridiculous!
this is to inform you that no public toilet wardd 12 behind the mall open defecation happening Disgusting situation.
u see fire AT building ward 21 NEAR THE SCHOOL please send fire engine Nobody is listening to us.
hi, w-11 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं Very disappointed with MC.
We the residents of ward 41 want to say that kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward 41 me since the monsoon se
I mean To whom it MAY concern, maa KA certificate chahiye ward no 17 office SE for 5 days ho gaye कब होगा काम???
actually municpal tanker not coming to wrd no 21 since diwali Nobody is listening to us.
tbh this is to inform you that tax notice came again even after paying wadr 32 Please take urgent action!!!
Dear MC, toilet broken and stinking Santacruz nobody cleaning Nobody is listening to us.
basically despite our previous complains, new trade license not processed w-18 since morning When will this be fixed??
u see Dear mc, पड़ोसी ने ward no 20 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली
yaar to whom it may concern, wrad 40 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain Disgusting situation.
you know This is to inform you that death certificate not issued ward 31 office महीने भर से Please take urgent action!!!
Hello sir, Koramangala की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया When will this be fixed??
like To whom it may concern, ward no 21 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua for the past week se Kab tak wait karein???
like Urgent complain: road pe gadd hai behind the mall ward no 12 bike wale girte hain
yaar Respected officer, waste not picked dharavi at plot no 45 since 3 days piling up on road Kab tak wait karein???
this is to inform you that ward 41 near the market mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi Nobody is listening to us.
tbh it's been 3 din se and still pipe toot gayi behind the mall ward no 16 ke paas jaldi aao
yaar respected officer, manhole open hai behind the mall koi gir jayega please cover lagao We are very tired of this.
I want to report that manhole COVER missing near sector 7 Dharavi SOMEONE will fall
I mean gutter overflow ward no 23 people walking in waste water
like I want to report that small fire wardd no 2 near station before it spreads please come Kab tak wait karein???
yaar my area ward 16 has not seen garbage van since past 6 hours
I mean hello sir, construction waste dumped on road ward no 15 by builder Kab tak wait karein???
u see It's been sinc last night and still street light nt working ward 20 near the school since last night very dark at night
I mean swm worker absent from ward 7 in the lane past 6 hours Nobody is listening to us.
tbh applied trade license for 10 days ago ward 14 still waiting
I mean naam galat likha hai certificate mein wadr 27 ka Very disappointed with MC.
you know I want to report that ward 46 near the temple mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao Very disappointed with MC.
hello sir, safai nahi ho rahi wadr no 19 since the monsoon se kachra uthao na We are very tired of this.
I mean Hi, no water in ward no 9 past 6 hours
Encroachment on footpath near the temple malviya nagar pedestrians cant walk Please take urgent action!!!
bhai building mein aag W-10 jaldi aao कब होगा काम???
footpath pe encroachment hai near the school ward 16 mein STILL not resolved!!!
you know urgent complaint: kab aayega paani govandi mein itna wait kar rahe hain Kab tak wait karein???
u see at the corner ward 47 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है When will this be fixed??
I mean urgnt complaint: Borivali में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Very disappointed with MC.
sir ward no 9 की सड़क की हालत खराब है from last tuesday से मरम्मत नहीं कब होगा काम???
sir This is to inform you that nahi aa rha paani W-5 mein please koi to suno
basically hi, hadapsar office mein plan submit kiya महीने भर से reply nahi
shivaji nagar ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward 14 mein past 6 hours lag gaye
yaar this is to inform you that wrd no 25 में नामांतरण since the rain से लंबित है कब होगा Disgusting situation.
sir death certificate not issued ward no 6 office since yesterday Kab tak wait karein???
u see mutation request pending ward 12 past 2 weeks pls process We are very tired of this.
respected officer, applied trade license since the rain ago vile parle still waiting
you know i want to report that ward no 16 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें When will this be fixed??
actually This is to inform you that ward no 20 में स्ट्रीट लाइट since 3 days से बंद है रात में अंधेरा Very disappointed with MC.
bhai cylinder blast in our colony matunga need immediate help Kab tak wait karein???
street light wire hanging loose near station wrd 10 shock risk
actually urgent complain: major pipe burst near d-block sion wateer wasting Very disappointed with MC.
basically I want to report that नाली से बदबू ward 43 में past 2 weeks से असहनीय हो गई है
yaar potholes on main road W-18 causing accidents since yesterday
you know i want to report that encroachment on footpath near the market w-12 pedestrians cant walk This has been going on too long.
tbh ward no 29 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं कब होगा काम???
bhai i want to report that tap is dry ward 30 since diwali please check the pipeline
It's BEEN for 2 days and still property tax portal down CANNOT PAY ward 12 This has been going on too long.
tbh I want to REPORT that street light noot WORKING ward no 11 in front of my building since last month very dark at night Nobody is listening to us.
sir dustbin overflowing W-5 nt emptied since diwali This is ridiculous!
bhai death certificate not issued thane office over a fortnight We are very tired of this.
To whom it MAY concern, property tax PORTAL DOWN cannot pay ward 6
to whom it may concern, ward 46 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है since last night से We are very tired of this.
to whom it may concern, ward 28 mein paani band hai for the past week se log taras rahe hain
I mean to whom it may concern, in the lane w-5 ka kuda uthao yaar since the monsoon se nahi utha When will this be fixed??
you know 1 light working out of 10 in Kurla rest all dead Nobody is listening to us.
you know it's been from last tuesday and still ward 39 में at the main road के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक This is ridiculous!
it's been since morning and still pipe leaking wadr 20 at the corner road flooded Kab tak wait karein???
I mean ward 23 में since 3 dayz से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
I mean hi, stray dogs not sterilized w-19 population increasing
hello sir, kab aayega paani w-11 mein itna wait kar rahe hain कब होगा काम???
you know nali choke ho gayi ward 38 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha
yaar dear mc, major pipe burst outside my house ward 22 wter wasting
many stray dogs ward no 9 in front of my building biting residents
I mean i want to report that ward no 27 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Nobody is listening to us.
we the residents of ward no 4 want to say that garbaage wala nahi aaya ward no 4 at the corner over a fortnight se
Hello sir, road broken badly Shivaji Nagar at the corner car tyres punctured 2 times Please take urgent action!!!
to whom it may concern, huge potholes at plot no 45 w-4 very dangerous Very disappointed with MC.
this is to inform you that property tax portal down cannot pay ward 42 कब होगा काम???
like hi, pipe toot gayi near station ward no 6 ke paas jaldi aao Very disappointed with MC.
yaar despite our previous complaints, vile parle near station में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं Kab tak wait karein???
yaar hi, garbage lying on road ward 14 since the monsoon disease risk This has been going on too long.
u see W-13 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें
hi, commencement certificate not received ward 17 despite approval
actually Urgent complaint: we called THE garbage number 3 times W-11 no response Kab tak wait karein???
like 3 people in my BUILDING got dengue Koramangala please spray Nobody is listening to us.
I mean I want to report that tax notice CAME again even after paying wrd no 28 Nobody is listening to us.
PAID property tax WARD no 21 but receipt not received Kab tak wait karein???
w-5 office mein plan submit kiya 1 hafte se reply nahi When will this be fixed??
Hello sir, W-17 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua since monday se This is ridiculous!
kachra nahi utha wrd no 11 mein for 10 days se bahut badbu This is ridiculous!
Hello sir, पड़ोसी ने ward 24 में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली Kab tak wait karein???
bhai to whom it may concern, toilet band rehta hai wrd no 27 mein kya fayda
I want to report that entire footpath occupied BY shop near THE market ward 8 for 2 days STILL not resolved!!!
basically i want to report that tax notice aaya hai wrad no 19 ka lekin payment ho chuki
you know ward no 16 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है Kab tak wait karein???
sir hi, cow sitting on main road ward 15 traffic blocked Nobody is listening to us.
bhai i want to report that ilegal building ban raha hai wrd 23 mein rok do Very disappointed with MC.
sir I want to report that trade LICENSE renewal PENDING for 10 days shop ward 30 This has been going on too long.
you know i want to report that pipe toot gayi at the naka w-19 ke paas jaldi aao We are very tired of this.
ward 46 में since the rain से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
bhai This is to inform you that toilet always locked Laxmi Nagar at the MAIN road useless facility When will this be fixed??
yaar despite our previous complains, safai nahi ho rahi w-13 महीने भर से se kachra uthao na
tbh it's been 1 hafte se and still हमारे wrad 24 में 1 hafte se से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे Disgusting situation.
Respected officer, wrad no 28 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र 1 hafte se से नहीं मिला Please take urgent action!!!
you know Hi, commencement certifcate not received wrd no 22 despite approval
Street light wire hanging loose near sector 7 w-14 shock risk कब होगा काम???
sir paani ki problem hai wardd 21 mein from 4 days se nala band hogaya Nobody is listening to us.
I mean Hi, raod full of potholes W-2 snce the monsoon vehicles getting damaged Very disappointed with MC.
yaar Paani ki problem hai ward 47 mein sinc last night se nala band hogaya Disgusting situation.
applied birth cert ward 43 for the past week back no movement कब होगा काम???
sir ward 6 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
urgent complaint: matunga में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें Kab tak wait karein???
yaar to whom it may concern, we called the garbage number 3 times wrad no 2 no response Nobody is listening to us.
Despite our previous complaints, ward 17 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain since morning se bahut takleef Kab tak wait karein???
I mean Need death certiifcate urgently ward 30 for insurance We are very tired of this.
u see I want to report that gutter overflow ward 47 people walking in waste wator
I mean dear mc, ward 41 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega
urgent complaint: major pipe burst in the bylane pimpri water wasting Very disappointed with MC.
big water leak bandra west for 2 dyas nobody coming to fix This has been going on too long.
actually to whom it may concern, footpath pe encroachment hai opposite the hospital ward 42 mein Kab tak wait karein???
sir we the residents of ward 48 want to say that small fire ward 48 at the junction before it spreads pls come STILL not resolved!!!
I mean we the residents of vile parle want to say that need death certificate urgently vile parle for insurance
tbh i want to report that opposite the hospital sion ka kuda uthao yaar sinc last month se nahi utha
water not coming from tap near the park vile parle
bhai online property tax payment failed amount ₹3500 deducted ward 1 When will this be fixed??
like water has weird smell and colour ward no 2 Disgusting situation.
yaar i want to report that applied birth cert w-16 for 5 days back no movement
Urgent complaint: major pipe BURST at the JUNCTION WARD 14 water wasting
actually Hi, w-16 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें Very disappointed with MC.
yaar i want to report that water looks muddy bandra west at the junction 3 din se Nobody is listening to us.
like dear mc, malaria fear ward 21 drain nto cleaned 1 hafte se
I mean naam galat likha hai certificate MEIN W-8 ka Nobody is listening to us.
URGENT complaint: correction needed birth certificate wrad 29 wrong name spelled We are very tired of this.
like Dear MC, no streetlight ward 12 near the temple theft increasing Nobody is listening to us.
dear mc, oc application pending for the past week ward 12 office STILL not resolved!!!
actually to whom it may concern, paani ki bohot problem hai at plot no 45 mein ward 17 ke andar
tbh hello sir, wrd 30 mein paani ka pipe past 6 hours se leak ho raha hai STILL not resolved!!!
dear mc, tax demand notice for wrd no 29 but payment done past 2 weeks ago
actually respected officer, santacruz में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं When will this be fixed??
yaar we the residents of ward no 2 want to say that footpath pe encroachment hai behind the mall ward no 2 mein
u see road repair karo matunga mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar Please take urgent action!!!
tbh mosquito problem wadr 9 at the junction no fogging since yesterday
to whom it may concern, aaj bhi ward 41 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo Nobody is listening to us.
you know gutter bhar gaya W-14 mein log paani mein chal rahe Nobody is listening to us.
FIRE NOC required Dharavi not getting IT Kab tak wait karein???
tbh DEAR MC, paani ki bohot problem HAI in our colony mein ward no 14 ke andar Please take urgent action!!!
despite our previous complaints, we called the garbage number 3 times wrd no 15 no response Nobody is listening to us.
u see we the residents of ward 5 want to say that ward 5 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein Please take urgent action!!!
like respected officer, garbage lying on road w-10 महीने भर से disease risk Please take urgent action!!!
basically Respected officer, municipal tanker noot coming to wrad 20 since 3 days कब होगा काम???
u see i want to report that road full of potholes wrad no 21 since yesterday vehicles getting damaged Very disappointed with MC.
bhai this is to inform you that wadr 31 in the bylane mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
I mean Dear MC, tax notice aaya hai Powai ka lekin payment ho chuki
tbh We the residents of w-6 want to say that wire latki hui hai in the lane shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
u see hello sir, no public toilet ward no 18 at the naka open defecation happening
actually to whom it may concern, need death certificate urgently wrd 9 for insurance
actually I want to report that stray dogs not sterilized wrad no 29 population increasing कब होगा काम???
illegal dump in the lane w-15 flies mosquitoes everywhere When will this be fixed??
bhai hello sir, at plot no 45 ward 41 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है STILL not resolved!!!
WE THE residents OF WARD no 16 want to say that ward no 16 में outside my house के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक कब होगा काम???
u see no public toilet ward 38 near the market open DEFECATION happening Very disappointed with MC.
yaar new trade license not processed koramangala महीने भर से
bhai to whom it may concern, ward no 3 at the naka mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi STILL not resolved!!!
yaar We THE residents of wrd no 5 want to SAY that drainage overflow during rain ward no 5 FLOODING streets Please take urgent action!!!
actually To whom it may concern, road broken badly ward 23 at the naka car tyres punctured 2 times Disgusting situation.
tbh hello sir, pipe toot gayi near the school ward 48 ke paas jaldi aao
Respected officer, many stray dogs W-3 opposite the hospital biting residents कब होगा काम???
I mean hello sir, need death certificate urgntly ward no 1 for insurance When will this be fixed??
tbh we the residents of ward no 28 want to say that paani ki bohot problem hai near sector 7 mein ward no 28 ke andar STILL not resolved!!!
sir despite our previous complains, major pipe burst at the signal ward 49 wter wasting
drain blocked w-13 in the lane sewage overflowing on road We are very tired of this.
hello sir, wardd 47 में नामांतरण sinc 3 days से लंबित है कब होगा
sir urgent complaint: construction without plan approval govandi Please take urgent action!!!
Dear MC, dustbin overflowing KORAMANGALA NOT EMPTIED sine last month STILL not resolved!!!
hi, ward 46 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति since last month से लंबित है
basically Hello SIR, wire latki hui hai outside my house shock LAG sakta hai kisi ko Please take urgent action!!!
I mean dear mc, pothole opposite the hospital w-7 bike accident happened yesterday
you know this is to inform you that nahi aa rha paani ward no 27 mein please koi to suno
Urgent complain: mutation request pending ward 44 for 2 days plz process
ward 34 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें Please take urgent action!!!
tbh To whom it may concern, dengue cases increasing Chembur stagnant wateer not removed This has been going on too long.
i want to report that stray dogs not sterilized govandi population increasing
bhai urgent complaint: pothole in the bylane wrad 14 bike accident happened yesterday This has been going on too long.
we the residents of ward 16 want to say that toilet gandy hai at the junction wrd 16 since yesterday se safai karo This has been going on too long.
actually stray dogs noot sterilized ward 38 population increasing
u see respected officer, paani nahi aa raha ward 37 mein since the rain se Kab tak wait karein???
sir It's been since the rain and still bacche ka certificate nahi bana W-14 mein since the rain lag gaye This has been going on too long.
sir This is to inform you that W-17 में for the past week से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय Please take urgent action!!!
rood full of potholes wrad 17 for 2 days vehicles getting damaged STILL not resolved!!!
actually water not coming from tap near the park ward no 2 Please take urgent action!!!
you know trade license ke liye for the past week se wait kar raha hoon ward 11
actually this is to inform you that gutter overflow w-10 people walking in waste water This has been going on too long.
tbh neighbor built extra floor without permission W-3 We are very tired of this.
you know urgent complaint: small fire ward 34 at plot no 45 before it spreads please come This has been going on too long.
bhai ward 34 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Disgusting situation.
we the residents of w-17 want to say that my area w-17 has not seen garbage van snce since last month Disgusting situation.
actually respected officer, new trade license noot processed ward 42 for 5 day कब होगा काम???
I mean i want to report that mosquito problem ward 10 near sector 7 no fogging over a fortnight We are very tired of this.
It's been since 3 days and still at the main road w-1 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
yaar bandra west में near the temple के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक Kab tak wait karein???
yaar i want to report that stray dogs not sterilized ward 20 population increasing Very disappointed with MC.
road repair karo wrad 10 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar Disgusting situation.
u see It's been since yesterday and still ward 8 near the market mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi कब होगा काम???
I mean vile parle ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili When will this be fixed??
Hello sir, dustbin overflowing wrd no 17 nto emptied sinc morning
actually We the residents of ward 26 want to say that ward 26 में since morning से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय
basically this is to inform you that tax demand notice for wardd 34 but payment done from 4 dyas ago When will this be fixed??
Machhar bahut hain ward 21 from last tuesday se spray kab karoge Disgusting situation.
I mean To whom it may concern, bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward 30 mein for 5 dyas lag gaye
mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward 15 ka
tbh It's been past 2 weeks and still pipe phoot gayi W-10 outside my house mein paani beh raha hai Very disappointed with MC.
bhai wardd no 3 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें STILL not resolved!!!
actually This is to INFORM you that paani MEIN mitti AA rahi hai WARD no 19 colour bhi change hai Disgusting situation.
bhai oc application pending for 5 days wrad 8 office Nobody is listening to us.
sir dear mc, ward 15 में near the park अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है This has been going on too long.
u see building permission ke liye since yesterday wait kar raha hoon w-5 STILL not resolved!!!
actually it's been for 5 days and still no water since for 5 days in ward 33 when will tanker come
actually We the residents of ward no 20 want to say that toilet broken and stinking ward no 20 nobody cleaning This has been going on too long.
yaar urgent complaint: neighbor built extra floor without permission vile parle This has been going on too long.
despite our previous complaints, waterlogging after rain ward 16 mosquito problem getting worse Disgusting situation.
actually water filter getting choked daily ward NO 29 water very bad quality
yaar i want to report that 3 people in my building got dengue wardd no 2 pls spray कब होगा काम???
tbh we the residents of w-2 want to say that my shop has no license because w-2 office not responding This is ridiculous!
I mean HELLO sir, cylinder BLAST BEHIND the mall Kurla need immediate help STILL not resolved!!!
i want to report that pipe leaking ward no 13 near the market rood flooded
Respected officer, W-9 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र for 10 dyas से नहीं मिला
To whom it may concern, raat ko construction chal raha tha W-14 bina permission
u see urgent complain: people dumping garbage at the junction ward 34 very unhygienic
Urgent COMPLAINT: WATEER pipe cracked Kurla near station roda BECOME muddy STILL not resolved!!!
To whom it may concern, 1 ligh working out of 10 in W-15 rest all dead STILL not resolved!!!
tbh road full of potholes Pimpri for 2 days vehicles getting damaged
I mean dear mc, ward no 22 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें कब होगा काम???
bhai We the residents of ward 35 want to say that ward 35 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi This is ridiculous!
respected officer, near the market ward no 29 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko This has been going on too long.
actually we the residents of ward no 24 want to say that no response to building permission application wadr no 24 since diwali
u see this is to inform you that near d-block ward 9 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko Very disappointed with MC.
I mean hi, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi wrad no 22 me kaafi dino se se
actually Hello sir, BUILDER ne maal at the CORNER WARD 33 rood pe daal diya HATA do
hi, w-6 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
like despite our previous complains, construction without plan approval ward no 24 When will this be fixed??
tbh It's been 3 din se and still mutation request pending ward 24 3 din se pleese process Kab tak wait karein???
you know To whom it may concern, cow sitting on main raod W-1 traffic blocked We are very tired of this.
this is to inform you that paani mein mitti aa rahi hai wrd 40 colour bhi change hai
u see urgent complain: wire latki hui hai in our colony shock lag sakta hai kisi ko Disgusting situation.
I mean ward no 24 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega
sir Despite our previous complaints, ward 3 में for 10 days से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय This has been going on too long.
dear mc, कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 46 में पर कोई नहीं आया Kab tak wait karein???
basically this is to inform you that kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko ward no 6 mein urgnt karo STILL not resolved!!!
I mean dear mc, karol bagh outside my house nali band hai for 10 days se badbu aa rahi Nobody is listening to us.
WARD 37 में near sector 7 पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है When will this be fixed??
like small fire W-7 near the market before it spreads please come
bhai dear mc, ward 36 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें STILL not resolved!!!
sir we the residents of ward 8 want to say that wator pipe cracked ward 8 at the signal rood become muddy STILL not resolved!!!
It's been since last night and still huge potholes near d-block ward no 7 very dangerous
basically Hi, ward 8 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें Very disappointed with MC.
Hi, builder started work at night ward 11 at plot no 45 no permission
tbh ward 34 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe When will this be fixed??
we the residents of ward 44 want to say that near the temple ward 44 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko This is ridiculous!
sir respected officer, roda broken badly ward 49 at plot no 45 car tyres punctured 2 times
actually Respected OFFICER, गड्ढे की वजह से ward 3 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Nobody is listening to us.
bhai Despite our previous complaints, wire latki hui hai at plot no 45 shock lag sakta hai kisi ko STILL not resolved!!!
I mean hi, we r not getting water ward 39 4 since the rain wat is happening
I mean We the residents of ward 36 want to say that kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward 36 me for the past week se STILL not resolved!!!
like ward no 15 mein mutation nahi hua snce morning se apply kiya tha Disgusting situation.
actually this is to inform you that pack of dogs chasing people ward 1 very scary
actually ward 28 में नाली बंद है 1 hafte se से सड़क पर गंदा पानी Kab tak wait karein???
despite our previous cmplts, santacruz mein ligt nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai This is ridiculous!
yaar to whom it may concern, my baby born for 10 days certificate still nto ready indiranagar कब होगा काम???
It's been kaafi dino se and still mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward 9
Despite our previous complaints, wrd 15 में at the junction कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध When will this be fixed??
To whom it may concern, wardd 14 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
I mean we the residents of ward no 10 want to say that online payment fail ho gayi ward no 10 mein paise kat gaye This has been going on too long.
paid property tax w-17 but receipt not received
dear mc, wadr 32 near the school mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi
yaar dear mc, paid ₹3500 proerty tax but still showing dues ward 6
urgent complaint: ward no 28 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
basically dog attack ward 9 at plot no 45 child got bitten please help Disgusting situation.
u see applied birth cert Dharavi since last month back no movement We are very tired of this.
sir ward 26 में outside my house कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध This is ridiculous!
like We the residents of ward 10 want to say that road pe gadd hai behind the mall ward 10 bike wale girte hain STILL not resolved!!!
like ward 20 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete This is ridiculous!
you know dear mc, pothole opposite the hospital w-6 bike accident happened yesterday Disgusting situation.
It's been for 10 days and still mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward 48 Please take urgent action!!!
bhai to whom it may concern, wrad 12 में नामांतरण 1 hafte se से लंबित है कब होगा
like We the residents of ward 5 want to say that gutter bhar gaya ward 5 mein log paani mein chal rahe When will this be fixed??
Despite our previous complaints, it rained and entire roaad disappeared wardd 27 only pits left
I mean It's been kaafi dino se and still drain choked ward 5 kaafi dino se foul smell health hazard कब होगा काम???
you know i want to report that municiple tanker not coming to ward 4 since diwali
tbh Dear MC, W-1 ka PROPERTY tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili This has been going on too long.
you know hi, naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward no 26 ka Kab tak wait karein???
tbh Footpath pe encroachment hai behind the mall w-5 mein कब होगा काम???
you know respected officer, trade license ke liye 1 hafte se se wait kar raha hoon dharavi Kab tak wait karein???
we the residents of ward 15 want to say that wadr 15 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है STILL not resolved!!!
yaar urgent complaint: water from tap w-14 yellow coloured not drinkable
u see i want to report that water nto coming from tap in front of my building wardd 3
like I want to report that गड्ढे की वजह से ward 22 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा This has been going on too long.
tbh entire footpath occupied by shop in our colony wadr 31 from 4 days
u see birth certificate not received ward 26 office past 6 hours कब होगा काम???
actually WE THE residents of W-9 want to say that W-9 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक Very disappointed with MC.
it's been from 4 dayz and still wrd 14 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं
u see This is to inform YOU that correction needed birth certficate ward 33 wrong NAME spelled Very disappointed with MC.
Despite our previous cmplts, building plan submitted ward 35 since yesterday no response
basically toilet broken and stinking wadr 19 nobody cleaning
I mean baarish ke baad drian overflow shivaji nagar mein road nahi dikh raha This is ridiculous!
at plot no 45 wrd no 17 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko Very disappointed with MC.
I mean despite our previous complaints, ward no 11 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें We are very tired of this.
I mean Entire footpath occupied by shop near station wadr 37 kaafi dino se कब होगा काम???
basically hello sir, ward no 17 mein paani band hai since morning se log taras rahe hain STILL not resolved!!!
Respected officer, wire latki hui hai near the park shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
like NULLAH blocked Hadapsar mosquito breeding happening Kab tak wait karein???
yaar dear mc, pipe phoot gayi ward 39 near the temple mein paani beh raha hai STILL not resolved!!!
you know This is to inform you that wrd no 10 में कचरा गाड़ी since diwali से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है STILL not resolved!!!
drian blocked ward 14 outside MY house SEWAGE OVERFLOWING on ROAD This has been going on too long.
actually We the residents of Vile Parle want to say that trade license ke liye since yesterday se wait kar raha hoon Vile Parle
like to whom it may concern, borivali में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं This is ridiculous!
Despite our previous complaints, garbge not COLLECTED wrad no 22 sinc morning unbearable smell Very disappointed with MC.
I mean Dear MC, SMALL FIRE wardd no 11 in the BYLANE before it spreads PLEASE COME
sir Respected officer, manhole cover MISSING near the temple W-16 someone will fall This has been going on too long.
sir this is to inform you that wardd no 13 में नामांतरण kaafi dino se से लंबित है कब होगा Nobody is listening to us.
I mean i want to report that need death certifcate urgently ward 31 for insurance
like it's been 3 din se and still nullah blocked ward 5 mosquito breeding happening Very disappointed with MC.
like HELLO sir, applied for mutation 1 hafte se no UPDATE ward 41
actually We the residents of ward 7 want to say that nullah blocked wardd 7 mosquito breeding happening
hi, at the junction ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward 29 mein snce monday se This has been going on too long.
urgent complaint: andheri east में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Please take urgent action!!!
I mean ward 40 mein paani ka pipe 3 din se se leak ho raha hai
bhai hello sir, गड्ढे की वजह से govandi में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा This has been going on too long.
you know no water since for the past week in wrd 43 when will tanker come When will this be fixed??
Urgent complain: wter not coming from tap near the school koramangala Nobody is listening to us.
u see urgent complaint: andheri east में for 10 days से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
water looks muddy wrd no 8 opposite the hospital past 2 weeks This is ridiculous!
basically Hi, lgiht pole broken Bandra West dangerous live wire exposed
actually We the residents of ward 43 want to say that stinking garbage pile at the main road ward 43 dogs spreading it everywhere
tbh hello sir, garbage lying on road wardd 22 since 3 days disease risk
Urgent complain: trade license renewal pending 1 hafte se shop W-14 Kab tak wait karein???
I mean dear mc, illegal constraction w-18 in the bylane without permission Kab tak wait karein???
i want to report that manhole open hai near station koi gir jayega please cover lagao This is ridiculous!
actually we the residents of ward no 24 want to say that drainage overflow during rain ward no 24 flooding streets This has been going on too long.
tbh we the residents of wrad no 12 want to say that dustbin overflowing wrad no 12 not emptied for 2 days This has been going on too long.
actually It's been sinc morning and still commencement certificate not received ward no 22 despite approval This has been going on too long.
I mean Hello sir, कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 2 में पर कोई नहीं आया
tbh despite our previous complaints, tap is dry hadapsar since morning plz check the pipeline
Hi, street ligt not working wadr NO 20 at the corner महीने भर से very dark at night When will this be fixed??
this is to inform you that applied birth cert ward 40 since last month back no movement
entire ward 40 in darkness after 9pm since monday
despite our previous complaints, ward 30 में in the bylane के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक कब होगा काम???
basically this is to inform you that नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा pimpri में kaafi dino se से This has been going on too long.
like hello sir, ₹25000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai vikhroli
basically respected officer, toilet band rehta hai w-15 mein kya fayda
actually no streetlight ward 28 behind the mall theft increasing This has been going on too long.
you know ₹5000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai wrad 1 When will this be fixed??
urgent cmplt: mosquito breeding open drain ward no 9 health risk Disgusting situation.
yaar manhole cover missing near the temple ward no 19 someone will fall
bhai this is to inform you that sewage smell unbearable ward 31 over a fortnight kids cant go to school
ward 10 में behind THE mall के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक When will this be fixed??
actually To whom it may concern, it rained AND entire road disappeared ward 20 only PITS left We are very tired of this.
you know hello sir, ward no 27 mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe Nobody is listening to us.
I mean Respected officer, we called the garbage number 3 times ward no 27 no response Nobody is listening to us.
actually hi, cylinder blast hua outside my house dharavi mein emergency
sir Respected officer, sewage smell unbearable wrad no 29 over a fortnight kids cant go to school
We the residents of matunga want to say that in our colony ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya matunga mein sinc last night se
basically Hi, drain blocked ward 32 at THE signal sewage overflowing ON road Kab tak wait karein???
like respected officer, pipe toot gayi in the bylane w-12 ke paas jaldi aao कब होगा काम???
I mean it's been महीने भर से and still thane ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete कब होगा काम???
basically bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward no 7 mein for 2 days lag gaye STILL not resolved!!!
sir ward 34 में स्ट्रीट लाइट from 4 day से बंद है रात में अंधेरा Disgusting situation.
like i want to report that trade license ke liye past 6 hours se wait kar raha hoon andheri east
it's been 3 din se and still wardd 2 at the junction nali band hai 3 din se se badbu aa rahi This is ridiculous!
actually to whom it may concern, garbage wala nahi aaya ward 23 at the junction for 10 days se We are very tired of this.
yaar dog attack w-16 near station child got bitten pls help Very disappointed with MC.
It's been sine morning and still no public toilet ward 31 at the signal open DEFECATION happening This has been going on too long.
yaar Dear mc, unauthorized building borivali pls stop When will this be fixed??
Tax notice came again even after paying dharavi
sir respected officer, machhar bahut hain ward no 17 sine last month se spray kab karoge Kab tak wait karein???
bhai It's been for the past week and still ward no 21 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo
To WHOM it may concern, water has weird SMELL and colour ward 47 Disgusting situation.
death certificate noot issued govandi office since the monsoon
ward 10 ki road bilkul kharab hai kab banoge We are very tired of this.
Hi, no streetlight ward 28 in FRONT of my building theft increasing
drian choked wardd no 3 since 3 days foul smell health hazard कब होगा काम???
u see hi, death certificate not issued indiranagar office 3 din se We are very tired of this.
yaar aaj fir gira mai w-5 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche Very disappointed with MC.
I mean Hi, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko wadr 1 mein urgent karo
I WANT to report that water from tap WRD 12 yellow coloured not drinkable Kab tak wait karein???
sir urgent cmplt: pipe leaking outside in the bylane w-13 creating pothole also Disgusting situation.
u see hi, paid ₹25000 propety tax but still showing dues ward 9 Very disappointed with MC.
basically swm worker absent from w-9 outside my house snce monday Disgusting situation.
despite our previous complaints, paani ki bohot problem hai near the market mein w-4 ke andar STILL not resolved!!!
basically Urgent complaint: cylinder blast near sector 7 dharavi need immediate help When will this be fixed??
actually To WHOM it may concern, 3 people IN my building got dengue ward no 14 please spray कब होगा काम???
yaar despite our previous complaints, w-15 में behind the mall कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध This is ridiculous!
you know despite our previous cmplts, wrad no 7 में नाली बंद है for 2 days से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
actually Hello sir, brown water coming W-18 children getting sick We are very tired of this.
bhai indiranagar में भवन निर्माण अनुमति snce the rain से लंबित है
tbh Ward 23 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye
u see Hi, koramangala mein death certificate nahi mila past 2 weeks se urgent hai This is ridiculous!
basically hello sir, ward 27 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र 1 hafte se से नहीं मिला
you know Hello sir, manhole OPEN hai behind the mall KOI gir jayega plz COVER lagao We are very tired of this.
I mean we the residents of ward 23 want to say that ward 23 at the signal bina permission construction ho raha hai Kab tak wait karein???
urgent complain: toilet always locked wadr no 11 in front of my building useless facility Kab tak wait karein???
tbh ward 44 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं
major pipe burst near the market ward 40 water wasting This has been going on too long.
bhai swm worker absent from Dharavi in the lane since last month
sir Urgent complaint: DIRTY smelly wateer supply ward NO 24 महीने भर से health risk Very disappointed with MC.
sir Hello sir, wadr no 2 में मच्छरों की समस्या for 2 dayz से है
stray dogs not sterilized ward no 1 population increasing
despite our previous complaints, w-8 mein lgiht nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai This is ridiculous!
bhai no watr since for 10 dyas in ward no 14 when will tanker come Very disappointed with MC.
we the residents of ward 48 want to say that ward 48 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है कब होगा काम???
bhai bhai Bandra West me paani nahi chal raha kuch KARO
ward no 21 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
hi, entire ward 15 in darkness after 9pm since monday STILL not resolved!!!
basically We the residents of ward 23 want to say that paani ki problem hai ward 23 mein since diwali se nala band hogaya Disgusting situation.
despite our previous complaints, pipe toot gayi in front of my building powai ke paas jaldi aao STILL not resolved!!!
online payment fail ho gayi ward 24 mein paise kat gaye Nobody is listening to us.
you know It's been from 4 days AND still ward 1 mein paani band hai from 4 days se log taras rahe hain कब होगा काम???
respected officer, ward no 2 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक This is ridiculous!
like i want to report that wrd no 6 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है We are very tired of this.
actually despite our previous complaints, online propety tax payment failed amount ₹12000 deducted w-18 We are very tired of this.
i want to report that nullah blocked w-18 mosquito breeding happening
like dear mc, public toilet ward 17 very dirty not cleaned for 10 days
sir Respected officer, 1 LIGH working OUT of 10 IN wardd no 11 rest all dead कब होगा काम???
I mean hi, wrong property tax assessment sion property Kab tak wait karein???
u see dear mc, water nto coming from tap in our colony ward no 14 Very disappointed with MC.
tbh trade license ke liye 3 din se se wait kar raha hoon santacruz Kab tak wait karein???
like we the residents of ward no 14 want to say that my scooter fell in pothole ward no 14 outside my house i got hurt
you know This is to inform you that naam galat likha HAI certificate MEIN ward 27 ka Disgusting situation.
dear mc, near the market govandi mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Nobody is listening to us.
mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani w-8 This is ridiculous!
yaar it's been for 2 dyas and still tax notice aaya hai ward no 3 ka lekin payment ho chuki
actually Hi, garbage lying on rood ward no 9 sine monday disease risk
bacche ka certificate nahi bana w-14 mein since monday lag gaye
we the residents of indiranagar want to say that no response to building permission application indiranagar since the rain Disgusting situation.
I mean i want to report that ward no 22 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है kaafi dino se से
you know wrad 40 में at plot no 45 अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है STILL not resolved!!!
you know street light toot gayi at the signal ward 27 since the monsoon se STILL not resolved!!!
actually नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा andheri east में since the rain से Please take urgent action!!!
I want to report that ward 12 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
sir death certificate nt issued w-10 office since last month कब होगा काम???
Hello sir, dirty smelly water supply ward 13 since last night health risk
basically We the residents of ward 14 want to say that ward 14 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo We are very tired of this.
street light not working ward 10 at the junction 3 din se very dark at night When will this be fixed??
yaar Despite our previous complaints, ward 35 OFFICE se BIRTH certificate nahi mila sine MONDAY se This has been going on too long.
I mean It's been since last NIGHT and still ward no 14 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है This has been going on too long.
sir Hi, toilet band rehta hai W-10 mein kya fayda
basically hi, commencement certificate nt received wrad 47 despite approval कब होगा काम???
Public toilet wrad no 28 very dirty not cleaned since yesterday Very disappointed with MC.
you know Hello sir, street light not working W-5 in the lane since monday very dark at night Please take urgent action!!!
dog attack dharavi near d-block child got bitten please help We are very tired of this.
I mean Dear MC, W-8 में at the signal के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक
this is to inform you that mosquito breeding open darin ward 25 health risk We are very tired of this.
respected officer, ward 44 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
urgent complaint: huge potholes at the corner ward no 7 very dangerous This is ridiculous!
Dear MC, ward 4 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
basically open manhole in our colony wrad 12 very dangerous especially at night Kab tak wait karein???
I mean कचरेवाले को बुलाया wrd 45 में पर कोई नहीं आया We are very tired of this.
I mean it's been for 2 days and still public toilet borivali very dirty not cleaned for 2 days Please take urgent action!!!
I mean ward no 11 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain This is ridiculous!
tbh Despite our previous complaints, constuction waste dumped on road Koramangala by builder
basically wrad no 15 में मच्छरों की समस्या since the rain से है Disgusting situation.
u see public toilet W-16 very dirty not cleaned since diwali This is ridiculous!
yaar dear mc, brown water coming vile parle children getting sick
yaar hi, road repair karo ward 25 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar Kab tak wait karein???
yaar Dear mc, wator supply stopped ward 4 kaafi dino se residents suffering badly
u see new trade license not processed wardd no 9 since monday When will this be fixed??
bhai urgent complaint: ward no 20 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया We are very tired of this.
wadr 24 behind the mall mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao STILL not resolved!!!
all street lamps broken ward no 14 completely dark
u see Despite our previous complaints, near the market ward 32 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko Very disappointed with MC.
u see Powai में नाली बंद है from last tuesday से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
like dear mc, commencement certificate not received ward 19 despite approval This has been going on too long.
basically hello sir, building mein aag ward 40 jaldi aao STILL not resolved!!!
to whom it may concern, kachra nahi utha wrad 32 mein sinc morning se bahut badbu कब होगा काम???
tbh wire latki hui hai in the bylane shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
I mean it's been snce last month and still wrd 15 in front of my building bina permission construction ho raha hai Please take urgent action!!!
hello sir, online payment fail ho gayi w-13 mein paise kat gaye
bhai daily water supply disrupted w-10 past sine diwali pipeline blocked maybe
basically Respected officer, at the signal Koramangala ka kuda uthao yaar kaafi dino se se nahi utha Nobody is listening to us.
URGENT complaint: fire at building ward no 27 near D-block please send fire engine Kab tak wait karein???
I want to report that ₹12000 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 9
sir To whom IT may CONCERN, toilet always locked ward 36 in THE bylane useless facility
basically Hi, no public toilet ward 32 near the school open defecation happening
like RESPECTED officer, in the bylane ward no 8 ka KUDA uthao yaar for 5 days se nahi utha Disgusting situation.
I mean IT'S been since last night and still drain BLOCKED ward 6 at the signal sewage overflowing on road Very disappointed with MC.
i want to report that footpath pe encroachment hai outside my house ward 26 mein
u see HI, my scooter fell in potholee ward NO 10 IN the bylane i GOT hurt Nobody is listening to us.
Hello sir, mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani ward no 25 Nobody is listening to us.
sir Dear MC, ward 44 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं When will this be fixed??
basically no water in w-5 from 4 day This has been going on too long.
basically To whom it may concern, watr pipe cracked W-17 near the temple road become muddy We are very tired of this.
Hello sir, W-14 में in front OF MY BUILDING के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक STILL not resolved!!!
you know I want to report that opposite the hospital ward 30 ka kuda uthao yaar past 2 weeks se nahi utha Kab tak wait karein???
sir hello sir, stray dogs not sterilized ward no 27 population increasing When will this be fixed??
Despite our previous complaints, no streetlight ward 48 at the main road theft increasing Disgusting situation.
actually hello sir, illegal construction ward 30 near the temple without permission
u see Hello SIR, gutter bhar gaya W-11 mein log paani mein chal rahe When will this be fixed??
Dear MC, ward 17 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
you know TRADE license renewal pending SINCE MONDAY shop ward 3 This is ridiculous!
you know This is to inform you that W-18 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega When will this be fixed??
like w-7 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति over a fortnight से बाधित है
like gutter bhar gaya ward 7 mein log paani mein chal rahe Please take urgent action!!!
wator looks muddy ward 4 at the signal since diwali Please take urgent action!!!
dear mc, ward 14 mein ligth nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai STILL not resolved!!!
u see urgent complaint: raod full of potholes ward 39 sine monday vehicles getting damaged Kab tak wait karein???
We the residents of wadr no 2 want to say THAT near the market ward no 2 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding कब होगा काम???
sir this is to inform you that wrd 19 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं Nobody is listening to us.
Urgent cmplt: water supply stopped Sion for 10 days residents suffering badly We are very tired of this.
this is to inform you that my building at the junction ward 29 has no water from since the monsoon what to do Please take urgent action!!!
I mean To whom it may concern, ward no 2 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं STILL not resolved!!!
actually street light toot gayi at the junction wrd 25 1 hafte se se Disgusting situation.
yaar it's been since morning and still fire broke out at plot no 45 ward no 15 fire brigade delayed We are very tired of this.
yaar hello sir, no public toilet ward 40 near station open defecation happening Very disappointed with MC.
Despite OUR previous complaints, water filter GETTING choked daily W-15 water very bad QUALITY Kab tak wait karein???
I mean applied trade license over a fortnight ago ward 6 still waiting When will this be fixed??
I mean We the residents of ward 25 want to say that drainn choked wadr 25 since last month foul smell health hazard
like hi, naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward 38 ka This is ridiculous!
hello sir, paid ₹25000 propety tax but still showing dues wrad no 2 Very disappointed with MC.
I mean dear mc, andheri east में स्ट्रीट लाइट from last tuesday से बंद है रात में अंधेरा STILL not resolved!!!
yaar it's been महीने भर से and still pipe toot gayi at the main road ward 48 ke paas jaldi aao We are very tired of this.
bhai Hello sir, brown water coming ward 34 children getting sick
teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya wardd 14 ka kuda uthane This is ridiculous!
tbh it's been since morning and still हमारे dharavi में since morning से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे STILL not resolved!!!
basically tax demand notice for ward no 21 but payment done from 4 day ago Kab tak wait karein???
dear mc, no response to building permission application w-5 since morning कब होगा काम???
I mean It's been for the past week and still W-13 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली This is ridiculous!
tbh Despite our previous cmplts, death registered but certificate pending Vile Parle
yaar This is to inform you that mutation ka koi status nahi mila W-13 ka This is ridiculous!
tbh Dear MC, fire AT building ward no 25 near the park plz send fire engine कब होगा काम???
Vile Parle in the bylane में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं When will this be fixed??
yaar machhar bahut hain ward 4 past 6 hours se spray kab karoge Kab tak wait karein???
I mean builder ne maal at the corner ward 45 roda pe daal diya hata do
wrd no 22 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है
bhai To whom it may concern, pipe PHOOT GAYI ward 33 AT THE naka mein paani beh RAHA hai STILL not resolved!!!
To whom it may concern, death certificate not issued ward no 28 office since the rain Nobody is listening to us.
tbh to whom it may concern, dustbin bhar gayi wardd no 7 mein khali karo pls
you know meri beti ko dengue hua ward 23 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua Nobody is listening to us.
actually we the residents of ward no 5 want to say that ward no 5 mein death certificate nahi mila over a fortnight se urgent hai Kab tak wait karein???
you know dear mc, ward 42 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक Disgusting situation.
actually paid property tax ward 41 but receipt not received
vile parle office se birth certificate nahi mila since the rain se Please take urgent action!!!
i want to report that my shop has no license because ward no 17 office not responding This is ridiculous!
you know aaj fir gira mai ward no 24 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche
like we the residents of ward 4 want to say that roda condition pathetic ward 4 multiple potholes since last night We are very tired of this.
u see respected officer, bhai ward no 15 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
yaar Dear MC, road repair KARO W-7 MEIN kitne din se khadde hain YAAR
bhai dear mc, building mein aag wadr no 25 jaldi aao कब होगा काम???
like hi, road tar came off since last month wrad 21 only stones left STILL not resolved!!!
mosquito breeding open drain w-8 health risk
basically correction needed birth certiifcate ward 25 wrong name spelled
bhai property tax portal down cannot pay ward 42
Hi, new trade license not processed Vile Parle since yesterday
u see We the RESIDENTS of wrad no 19 WANT to say that ward no 19 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र kaafi DINO SE से नहीं मिला We are very tired of this.
it's been 1 hafte se and still main pipeline burst ward 17 wter gushing out 1 hafte se Please take urgent action!!!
Koramangala KI ligh band hai chor ka dar lag raha HAI sach mein
tbh This is TO inform YOU that water noot coming from tap in the lane W-18
actually Dear mc, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward 42 me since the monsoon se Please take urgent action!!!
you know i want to report that kachra nahi utha thane mein for 2 days se bahut badbu We are very tired of this.
tbh ward 45 में in our colony पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
actually Manhole cover missing at the naka chembur someone will fall This has been going on too long.
ward 1 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
bhai this is to inform you that my baby born since yesterday certificate still not ready koramangala
u see this is to inform you that supply cut without notice ward no 26 since last month When will this be fixed??
actually i want to report that wardd 16 में near the school पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है
Hello sir, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi w-16 me for 10 dyas se Very disappointed with MC.
Hi, my shop has no license because KORAMANGALA office noot responding
Despite our previous complaints, stinking garbage pile behind the mall wrd 15 dogs spreading it everywhere This is ridiculous!
yaar Hi, baarish ke baad drain overflow ward 24 mein roda nahi dikh raha
this is to inform you that pipe toot gayi near station ward 1 ke paas jaldi aao We are very tired of this.
manhole open hai near station koi gir jayega please cover lagao Kab tak wait karein???
I mean main pipeline burst matunga water gushing out kaafi dino se
I mean we the residents of w-13 want to say that गड्ढे की वजह से w-13 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
u see WARD no 7 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
actually despite our previous complaints, wrd 23 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain महीने भर से se bahut takleef STILL not resolved!!!
basically Urgent cmplt: drainage overflow during rain ward 17 flooding streets We are very tired of this.
u see constuction without plan APPROVAL ward 33 Nobody is listening to us.
gaaye sadak pe khadi hain w-13 traffic jam ho raha
like safai nahi ho rahi ward no 23 since monday se kachra uthao na Very disappointed with MC.
I mean mosquito problem ward 35 near the market no fogging 3 din se Disgusting situation.
It's been since the monsoon and still malaria fear ward no 28 drain not cleaned since the monsoon
u see despite our previous complaints, paani ki problem hai w-18 mein sine last month se nala band hogaya Very disappointed with MC.
Dear MC, W-7 NEAR D-block bina permission construction ho raha hai Disgusting situation.
Hi, brown water coming ward 3 children getting SICK This has been going on too long.
you know HI, ward 6 mein LIGH nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota HAI This is ridiculous!
We the RESIDENTS of WARD NO 29 want to say that ward NO 29 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति SNCE the rain से बाधित है
actually to whom it may concern, applied for mutation over a fortnight no update wardd 45 This has been going on too long.
u see TO WHOM it may concern, pipe leaking OUTSIDE at the JUNCTION ward 20 creating pothole also कब होगा काम???
like water pressure very low near the school ward 13 for 5 days barely enough
bhai respected officer, laxmi nagar in the lane bina permission construction ho raha hai
you know i want to report that bandra west में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं Disgusting situation.
sir Applied birth cert ward 41 since the monsoon back no movement We are very tired of this.
I mean It's been 1 hafte se and still dustbin overflowing ward 44 nto EMPTIED 1 hafte se We are very tired of this.
basically HELLO sir, nali choke ho gayi wadr no 26 GANDA paani sadak pe aa raha When will this be fixed??
u see we the residents of shivaji nagar want to say that manhole open hai near the school koi gir jayega plz cover lagao
yaar To whom it may concern, ward no 5 near the temple में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं कब होगा काम???
basically Despite our previous COMPLAINTS, tax notice AAYA hai KORAMANGALA ka lekin PAYMENT ho chuki STILL not resolved!!!
yaar brown water coming borivali children getting sick
Despite our previous complaints, khadda hai near sector 7 ward 35 mein accident hua tha kal कब होगा काम???
sir It's been since monday and still new trade license not processed W-13 sine monday
sir we the residents of ward 34 want to say that road full of potholes ward 34 since the monsoon vehicles getting damaged Disgusting situation.
stray dogs not sterilized santacruz population increasing When will this be fixed??
actually Despite our PREVIOUS complaints, ward 26 mein kachra sadak pe bimari failegi Please take urgent action!!!
u see aaj fir gira mai wrd 15 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche
We the residents of w-13 want to say that my baby born for 5 days certificate still not ready w-13 Disgusting situation.
urgent cmplt: ward no 13 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र for 10 days से नहीं मिला
bhai hello sir, w-13 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है We are very tired of this.
tbh despite our previous complaints, ward 28 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
tbh Building plan submitted ward no 25 past 2 weeks no response Nobody is listening to us.
tbh To whom it may concern, ward no 12 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Nobody is listening to us.
Respected officer, online property tax payment failed amount some amount deducted W-10
I mean hello sir, darin choked ward no 15 since the monsoon foul smell health hazard
to whom it may concern, waste not picked ward no 13 behind the mall since last night piling up on road When will this be fixed??
actually dear mc, raat ko construction chal raha tha w-12 bina permission We are very tired of this.
it's been since the rain and still ward 41 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi
I mean dear mc, pothole in our colony chembur bike accident happened yesterday This has been going on too long.
basically Hi, Chembur में 1 hafte se से कचरा नहीं उठाया गया बदबू असहनीय This has been going on too long.
u see hi, ward 8 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति sine monday से लंबित है कब होगा काम???
u see no streetlight wadr 46 outside my house theft increasing This has been going on too long.
actually Hello SIR, khadda hai behind the mall ward NO 28 mein accident hua THA kal
i want to report that wrd no 22 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi This is ridiculous!
hi, 3 people in my building got dengue w-12 pls spray
ROAD full of POTHOLES wardd 7 FROM 4 dayz vehicles getting damaged
like Respected officer, गड्ढे की वजह से W-6 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा Nobody is listening to us.
To whom IT may CONCERN, ward 14 में नामांतरण SINCE MONDAY से लंबित है कब होगा Disgusting situation.
bhai Respected OFFICER, potholes on main road wrad no 3 causing ACCIDENTS since last night
u see hello sir, kab aayega paani vile parle mein itna wait kar rahe hain
actually applied trade license since last month ago ward 36 still waiting This has been going on too long.
like huge potholes near the school kurla very dangerous This is ridiculous!
tbh death certficate not issued ward 37 office kaafi dino se Nobody is listening to us.
tbh we the residents of wrd no 18 want to say that ward no 18 में near the park के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक This has been going on too long.
we the residents of ward 46 want to say that ward 46 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo Disgusting situation.
kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi w-7 me for 5 days se Please take urgent action!!!
u see neighbor built extra floor without permission wadr no 19 When will this be fixed??
nahi aa rha paani wrd no 13 mein plz koi to suno
tbh I want to REPORT THAT drainage overflow during rain ward 47 flooding streets This is ridiculous!
you know Hello sir, constuction without plan approval ward no 12 कब होगा काम???
basically urgent complain: w-14 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Nobody is listening to us.
नाली से बदबू wrd 36 में since yesterday से असहनीय हो गई है STILL not resolved!!!
yaar DEAR MC, WARD 12 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
We the residents of WARD 26 want to SAY that WARD 26 mein GANDA paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi This has been going on too long.
actually cylinder blast hua NEAR station ward 25 mein emergency
we the residents of ward 46 want to say that wire latki hui hai near the school shock lag sakta hai kisi ko This has been going on too long.
tbh at plot no 45 ward 18 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
yaar hadapsar behind the mall bina permission construction ho raha hai STILL not resolved!!!
it's been since the rain and still नाली से बदबू wadr no 1 में since the rain से असहनीय हो गई है Please take urgent action!!!
We THE residents of ward 2 want to SAY THAT ward 2 ka paani smell kar raha HAI bilkul nahi peete
actually This is to inform you that property tax portal down cannot pay wrad 10 कब होगा काम???
tbh I want to report that wire latki hui hai in our colony shock lag sakta hai kisi ko Kab tak wait karein???
basically pothole in our colony ward 20 bike accident happened yesterday
hi, supply cut without notice ward 40 past 2 weeks Disgusting situation.
like this is to inform you that stray dogs not sterilized shivaji nagar population increasing Please take urgent action!!!
like hello sir, my area ward no 2 has noot seen garbage van since snce the rain
yaar it's been for 10 days and still garbage lying on road ward no 8 for 10 days disease risk
to whom it may concern, cow sitting on main raod wadr no 15 traffic blocked Kab tak wait karein???
you know this is to inform you that baarish ke baad drain overflow wrad no 15 mein road nahi dikh raha
despite our previous complaints, aaj fir gira mai wrad 24 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche When will this be fixed??
like road dug up for costrution never repaired ward no 14 sinc 3 days कब होगा काम???
respected officer, ward 3 में at the signal के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक Disgusting situation.
This is TO inform you THAT dirty smelly water SUPPLY ward 48 past 2 weeks health risk
basically Dear MC, ward no 22 की सड़क की हालत खराब है sine the rain से मरम्मत नहीं Very disappointed with MC.
you know street light toot gayi near the market vikhroli for the past week se
I mean bhai ward no 5 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo Please take urgent action!!!
despite our previous complaints, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai sion colour bhi change hai
u see it's been since 3 day and still no public toilet ward no 17 near the market open defecation happening This has been going on too long.
you know garbage collector takes money still not collecting wardd no 3
u see road pe gadd hai in the bylane ward 44 bike wale girte hain Nobody is listening to us.
you know it's been kaafi dino se and still water supply stopped ward no 7 kaafi dino se residents suffering badly Please take urgent action!!!
actually water pressure very low near the park ward 3 for 5 dayz barely enough Disgusting situation.
basically we the residents of ward 33 want to say that correction needed birth certifcate ward 33 wrong name spelled Please take urgent action!!!
sir malaria fear wrad 30 drain not cleaned PAST 2 weeks Disgusting situation.
wadala का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
tbh thane का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
to whom it may concern, entire ward 17 in darkness after 9pm since morning
we the residents of ward 43 want to say that rood repair karo ward 43 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar We are very tired of this.
This is to inform you that my building near the school dharavi has no water from for the past week what to do This has been going on too long.
basically It's been for 5 DAYS and STILL supply cut without notice wrad no 1 for 5 days
basically To whom it may concern, no streetlight wardd 33 near the temple theft increasing Disgusting situation.
basically Hi, trade license ke liye 1 hafte se se wait kar raha hoon wardd no 10 This is ridiculous!
bhai dear mc, machhar bahut hain ward no 18 since yesterday se spray kab karoge
u see urgent complaint: maa ka certificate chahiye WARD NO 28 office se since the RAIN ho gaye This has been going on too long.
paani nahi aa raha wardd 40 mein past 2 weeks se Please take urgent action!!!
daily water supply disrupted sion past over a fortnight pipeline blocked maybe
We THE residents of wardd 44 want to say that wter filter getting choked daily wrad 44 water very bad quality
yaar manhole open hai near the park koi gir jayega pleese cover lagao
Hi, naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward 24 ka Kab tak wait karein???
actually It's been for 5 days and still paid proprty TAX ward 44 but receipt not received कब होगा काम???
basically i want to report that ward 30 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है This is ridiculous!
u see proerty tax portal down cannot pay w-9 Kab tak wait karein???
bhai Hi, WARD 42 की सड़क की हालत खराब है SINCE monday से मरम्मत नहीं Very disappointed with MC.
Respected officer, drainage overflow during rain Mulund flooding streets We are very tired of this.
THIS is to inform you that toilet broken and stinking ward no 16 nobody cleaning Nobody is listening to us.
sir 1 light working out of 10 in wrd 48 rest all dead This has been going on too long.
sir this is to inform you that toilet broken and stinking wrd 24 nobody cleaning
you know garbage wala nahi AAYA wrd 49 near station since last night se कब होगा काम???
I mean we the residents of ward 14 want to say that dog attack ward 14 opposite the hospital child got bitten please help This is ridiculous!
I mean i want to report that huge potholes in our colony w-2 very dangerous Very disappointed with MC.
wardd 5 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain since last night se bahut takleef
to whom it may concern, pack of dogs chasing people borivali very scary
u see Respected OFFICER, street light toot gayi near the temple ward 16 sinc diwali SE This is ridiculous!
actually despite our previous complaints, ward 19 में स्ट्रीट लाइट since 3 days से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
u see hi, ward 26 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र kaafi dino se से नहीं मिला Nobody is listening to us.
Hello sir, नाली से बदबू ward 18 में for 10 days से असहनीय हो गई है When will this be fixed??
sir नाली से बदबू W-18 में for 2 dyas से असहनीय हो गई है Please take urgent action!!!
respected officer, entire footpath occupied by shop in the lane w-7 for the past week This is ridiculous!
u see hello sir, bhari water leakage near the park sadak bhar gayi
urgnt complaint: matunga में सार्वजनिक शौचालय since last month से साफ नहीं हुआ STILL not resolved!!!
basically hi, light pole broken wardd no 23 dangerous live wire exposed
basically despite our previous complaints, dharavi में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं This has been going on too long.
u see Urgent cmplt: builder ne maal near sector 7 ward no 14 road pe daal diya hata do This is ridiculous!
bhai IT'S been from 4 day AND still W-17 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र from 4 dyas से नहीं मिला कब होगा काम???
kachra nahi utha wrd 11 mein for 5 days se bahut badbu Disgusting situation.
you know i want to report that safai nahi ho rahi ward no 15 kaafi dino se se kachra uthao na
you know Hello sir, ward 1 में near the temple के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक We are very tired of this.
hi, death registered but certificate pending ward no 21 Disgusting situation.
Behind the mall ward 14 ka kuda uthao yaar from last tuesday se nahi utha Please take urgent action!!!
sir Hello sir, unauthorized building wrd 2 pls stop When will this be fixed??
sir urgnt complaint: ward 44 office mein plan submit kiya for 10 day reply nahi When will this be fixed??
actually w-7 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं When will this be fixed??
propety tax portal down cannot pay ward 37 Disgusting situation.
bhai despite our previous complaints, dharavi office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye Very disappointed with MC.
u see dear mc, गड्ढे की वजह से w-10 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा This is ridiculous!
building mein aag Matunga jaldi aao Nobody is listening to us.
you know dear mc, kachra nahi utha ward no 17 mein महीने भर से se bahut badbu This has been going on too long.
we the residents of wadr 13 want to say that nullah blocked ward 13 mosquito breeding happening
yaar despite our previous cmplts, lgiht pole broken mulund dangerous live wire exposed
urgnt cmplt: near the school ward no 4 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
u see We the residents of Andheri East want to say that 1 lgiht working out of 10 in Andheri East rest all dead
It's been past 2 weeks and still waste nt picked ward 44 near station past 2 weeks piling up on road Very disappointed with MC.
you know it's been past 6 hours and still dog attack ward no 4 at plot no 45 child got bitten plese help
basically dear mc, builder ne maal near d-block wardd no 1 roda pe daal diya hata do Kab tak wait karein???
I mean dear mc, registered birth over a fortnight but certificate noot issued pimpri Nobody is listening to us.
basically i want to report that कचरेवाले को बुलाया ward 10 में पर कोई नहीं आया
you know Indiranagar at the corner mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao When will this be fixed??
u see aaj fir gira mai Hadapsar ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche Very disappointed with MC.
tbh I want to report that no streetlight ward no 2 outside my house THEFT increasing We are very tired of this.
like Respected officer, death registered but certificate PENDING ward no 8
like hello sir, pipe phoot gayi wrd 11 at the signal mein paani beh raha hai Very disappointed with MC.
you know dear mc, water pressure very low opposite the hospital koramangala over a fortnight barely enough When will this be fixed??
dear mc, illegal construction laxmi nagar near the temple without permission Kab tak wait karein???
like ward 40 office mein plan submit kiya snce diwali reply nahi Please take urgent action!!!
you know illegal construction ward 39 at the corner without permission Nobody is listening to us.
respected officer, wrad 43 में शौचालय बंद रहता है लोग परेशान हैं This has been going on too long.
basically we the residents of ward 37 want to say that garbage wala nahi aaya ward 37 near the park for the past week se STILL not resolved!!!
this is to inform you that mutation ka koi status nahi mila wadr no 1 ka
bhai to whom it may concern, tap is dry ward 45 1 hafte se please check the pipeline Nobody is listening to us.
sir ward 9 office se birth certificate nahi mila past 6 hours se Nobody is listening to us.
sir i want to report that mosquito problem ward 37 in the bylane no fogging snce morning
actually it's been since last month and still main pipeline burst ward 32 wateer gushing out since last month When will this be fixed??
registered birth from last tuesday but certiifcate nto issued W-1 कब होगा काम???
bhai To whom it may concern, near sector 7 ward 43 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है This has been going on too long.
This IS to inform YOU that Vikhroli mein paani band hai महीने भर से SE LOG taras rahe hain
I want to report that fire at building wrad 27 opposite the hospital plz send fire engine When will this be fixed??
tbh I want to report that building plan submitted ward no 11 since monday no response Nobody is listening to us.
u see to whom it may concern, ward no 16 office mein plan submit kiya from last tuesday reply nahi
it's been since last night and still construction without plan approval borivali
yaar we the residents of w-15 want to say that applied trade license since last month ago w-15 still waiting
yaar it's been महीने भर से and still sewage smell unbearable ward 20 महीने भर से kids cant go to school
actually urgent complaint: all street lamps broken ward no 29 completely dark Very disappointed with MC.
sir URGENT complain: W-11 mein dengue ke case aa rahe hain fogging karo कब होगा काम???
yaar Respected officer, no water sinc past 2 weeks in ward no 15 when will tanker COME This is ridiculous!
u see hello sir, pot hole near the school ward 43 bike accident happened yesterday
actually Urgent complaint: water looks muddy ward 11 near the market for the past week
yaar i want to report that paid property tax powai but receipt nt received This is ridiculous!
Cow sitting on main road wrad 45 traffic blocked We are very tired of this.
we the residents of ward 32 want to say that fire noc required ward 32 not getting it Very disappointed with MC.
It's been 3 din se and still major pipe burst behind the mall ward 2 water wasting
wrong property tax assessment w-14 property
like despite our previous complaints, wrd no 25 में पानी न आने से बहुत परेशानी हो रही है Disgusting situation.
sir it's been snce monday and still w-11 में since monday से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है।
sir my shop has no license because vikhroli office not responding Very disappointed with MC.
pipe phoot gayi ward 1 behind the mall mein paani beh raha hai Nobody is listening to us.
this is to inform you that cylinder blast in the lane shivaji nagar need immediate help STILL not resolved!!!
like RESPECTED officer, pipe PHOOT GAYI Chembur at the NAKA mein paani beh raha hai This is ridiculous!
bhai despite our previous complaints, ward 42 near sector 7 nali band hai for the past week se badbu aa rahi
Hello sir, dharavi में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है This has been going on too long.
i want to report that wator has weird smell and colour ward 37
tbh it's been for 5 dyas and still builder started work at night ward 15 at the junction no permission Nobody is listening to us.
u see To WHOM IT may concern, WADALA में opposite the HOSPITAL अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
i want to report that toilet gandy hai at plot no 45 w-4 since monday se safai karo Kab tak wait karein???
bhai Wadala में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें We are very tired of this.
urgnt complaint: online proerty tax payment failed amount ₹12000 deducted WARD 36 STILL not resolved!!!
despite our previous complaints, illegal dump near the market govandi flies mosquitoes everywhere कब होगा काम???
I mean hi, 3 people in my building got dengue wrd no 28 please spray This has been going on too long.
This IS TO INFORM you that daily water supply disrupted wrad no 3 past since yesterday pipeline BLOCKED MAYBE We are very tired of this.
I mean waste not picked WARD 4 near D-block since MONDAY piling up on road STILL not resolved!!!
you know to whom it may concern, chembur से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र since the monsoon से नहीं मिला Kab tak wait karein???
like i want to report that my baby born since yesterday certificate still not ready ward 29 STILL not resolved!!!
actually it's been since last month and still swm worker absent from wrd 28 near station since last month कब होगा काम???
respected officer, mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani andheri east This has been going on too long.
bhai despite our previous complaints, water not coming from tap at the naka ward 39
u see i want to report that wadr no 22 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
like ward 2 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
dear mc, unauthorized building ward no 23 please stop Very disappointed with MC.
u see wire latki hui hai near the temple shock lag sakta hai kisi ko Disgusting situation.
dear mc, construction waste dumped on road w-3 by builder Disgusting situation.
sir this is to inform you that water leakage in front of my building wrad no 19 huge wastage please fix
building plan submitted ward 3 for the past week no response
Bhai w-18 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward 23 me 1 hafte se se
urgent complaint: garbage wala nahi aaya ward 39 near station from last tuesday se Disgusting situation.
like Respected officer, public toilet W-19 very dirty nto cleaned past 2 weeks This has been going on too long.
despite our previous cmplts, ward 21 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया When will this be fixed??
bandra west mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi When will this be fixed??
you know This is to inform you that paani KI PROBLEM hai ward no 25 mein since the rain se nala BAND HOGAYA This is ridiculous!
respected officer, big water leak ward 4 for 2 days nobody coming to fix Please take urgent action!!!
sir i want to report that w-18 में स्ट्रीट लाइट past 2 weeks से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
mosquito breeding open drain wardd 33 health risk Very disappointed with MC.
actually Respected officer, no wator in wadr 21 since yesterday
I mean It's been महीने भर से and still naam galat likha hai certificate mein Malviya Nagar ka STILL not resolved!!!
To whom it may concern, ward 40 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Kab tak wait karein???
yaar We the residents of ward 3 want to say that tap is dry ward 3 for 2 days please check the pipeline
u see I want to report that illegal building ban raha hai Borivali mein rok do This has been going on too long.
yaar despite our previous complaints, w-5 ki light band hai chor ka dar lag raha hai sach mein
RESPECTED officer, paani ki bohot PROBLEM hai outside MY house MEIN W-12 KE andar Disgusting situation.
actually I want to report that machhar bahut hain ward no 7 past 2 weeks se spray kab karoge
I mean it's been past 2 weeks and still wadr 48 mein mutation nahi hua past 2 weeks se apply kiya tha
I want to report that ward no 8 at plot no 45 nali band hai since diwali se badbu aa rahi
trade license ke liye since monday se wait kar raha hoon ward 24
you know hi, many stray dogs kurla at the main road biting residents We are very tired of this.
sir Respected officer, waterlogging after rain W-15 mosquito problem getting worse This is ridiculous!
you know Dear MC, public toilet wadr 25 very dirty not cleaned for 2 days Please take urgent action!!!
Despite our previous complaints, ligt pole broken w-6 dangerous live wire exposed
urgent complaint: 1 light working out of 10 in ward 8 rest all dead Very disappointed with MC.
urgnt complaint: correction needed birth certificate ward 22 wrong name spelled This has been going on too long.
yaar Hello sir, construction without plan approval W-8 Disgusting situation.
Hello sir, construction without plan approval ward 33
sir we the residents of wrd 30 want to say that small fire ward 30 near sector 7 before it spreads pls come When will this be fixed??
yaar Hi, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा W-3 में since the rain से Please take urgent action!!!
Respected officer, ward 46 office se birth certificate nahi mila महीने भर से se
sir to whom it may concern, kachra nahi utha ward 32 mein since last night se bahut badbu
u see hello sir, oc application pending sine diwali ward 42 office This is ridiculous!
we the residents of ward 16 want to say that water pipe cracked wardd 16 near sector 7 road become muddy When will this be fixed??
wadr no 24 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi This is ridiculous!
basically dear mc, street light wire hanging loose at the signal ward 42 shock risk
dengue cases increasing ward no 21 stagnant wateer not removed
basically drain blocked wrd 3 at the main road sewage overflowing on road STILL not resolved!!!
yaar Despite our previous complaints, need death certifcate urgently ward no 9 for insurance
you know dear mc, ward 37 में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें Please take urgent action!!!
dengue cases increasing Govandi stagnant water not removed Please take urgent action!!!
basically Hi, GAAYE sadak pe khadi hain W-10 traffic JAM HO raha
actually urgent cmplt: w-9 में at the junction कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध Disgusting situation.
tbh Hello sir, Vile Parle में पेयजल नहीं आ रहा है कृपया कार्रवाई करें Very disappointed with MC.
bhai Hi, ward no 27 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain from 4 days se bahut takleef
tbh I want to report that Hadapsar में at the corner के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक कब होगा काम???
tbh it's been past 2 weeks and still no streetlight pimpri near the market theft increasing We are very tired of this.
actually THIS is to inform you that ward no 25 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें When will this be fixed??
daily water supply disrupted ward 44 past from 4 days pipeline blocked maybe
actually We the residents of ward 1 want to say that ward 1 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है since last night से Very disappointed with MC.
actually we the residents of ward 24 want to say that aaj bhi wrd 24 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
bhai respected officer, raat ko constraction chal raha tha ward 40 bina permission कब होगा काम???
you know it's been since last month and still fire broke out near the school ward no 14 fire brigade delayed
hi, trade license renewal pending महीने भर से shop ward 9 Nobody is listening to us.
actually this is to inform you that illegal dump behind the mall wardd 28 flies mosquitoes everywhere Disgusting situation.
actually Swm worker absent from ward no 26 in front of my building from 4 day Kab tak wait karein???
yaar we the residents of ward 9 want to say that no response to building permission application ward 9 for 10 days Very disappointed with MC.
despite our previous complains, fire at building ward no 20 near sector 7 pls send fire engine
actually urgnt complaint: main pipeline burst ward 42 water gushing out since morning
you know mosquito problem W-16 near sector 7 NO fogging since last night Very disappointed with MC.
paid some amount proprty tax but still showing dues ward 42 Kab tak wait karein???
u see Dear MC, ward no 27 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है Kab tak wait karein???
u see It's been 3 din se and still tax notice aaya hai ward 39 ka lekin payment ho chuki कब होगा काम???
you know urgent complain: road full of potholes w-19 since diwali vehicles getting damaged When will this be fixed??
tbh To whom it may concern, my shop has no license because Chembur office not responding
THIS is to INFORM you THAT ward 34 में over a fortnight से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। कब होगा काम???
actually building plan submitted ward 22 for the past week no response This has been going on too long.
dear mc, wrong property tax assessment sion property Please take urgent action!!!
sir big watr leak ward 45 for 2 dayz nobody coming to fix कब होगा काम???
I mean Despite our previous complaints, garbge collector takes money still nto collecting wardd 14 Disgusting situation.
yaar Hello SIR, at the MAIN road Powai KA KUDA uthao YAAR since LAST night SE NAHI utha STILL not resolved!!!
respected officer, registered birth from last tuesday but certficate not issued w-17 We are very tired of this.
I mean urgent complaint: garbage collector takes money still not collecting malviya nagar When will this be fixed??
sir building mein aag bandra west jaldi aao Kab tak wait karein???
u see urgent complaint: street light wire hanging loose near sector 7 w-19 shock risk कब होगा काम???
actually This is to inform you that pipe leaking outside near the market ward 33 creating pothole also
basically manhole open hai near the school koi gir jayega please cover lagao We are very tired of this.
i want to report that w-6 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है कब होगा काम???
sir dear mc, footpath pe encroachment hai at the main roaad ward no 21 mein
like street light toot gayi at plot no 45 W-11 for the past week se Very disappointed with MC.
applied birth cert indiranagar 1 hafte se back no movement Very disappointed with MC.
Hello sir, huge potholes at the main road ward 12 very dangerous
sewage smell unbearable ward 38 since last month kids cant go to school We are very tired of this.
yaar This is to inform you that naam galat likha hai certificate mein Chembur ka When will this be fixed??
bhai dear mc, bhari water leakage in the bylane sadak bhar gayi This is ridiculous!
I mean it's been past 2 weeks and still bacche ka certificate nahi bana govandi mein past 2 weeks lag gaye Disgusting situation.
you know We the residents of wrd no 27 WANT to say that pipe leaking wadr no 27 near sector 7 road flooded Please take urgent action!!!
we the residents of ward no 27 want to say that ward no 27 में व्यापार लाइसेंस from last tuesday से लंबित है
sir hello sir, wrad 15 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Nobody is listening to us.
you know Hi, fire at building ward 26 at the corner plz send fire engine
i want to report that wardd 7 ki rood bilkul kharab hai kab banoge
Hello sir, illegal dump in the bylane Koramangala flies mosquitoes everywhere When will this be fixed??
bhai w-13 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय past 2 weeks से साफ नहीं हुआ STILL not resolved!!!
bhai garbage not COLLECTED ward NO 27 SINCE diwali unbearable SMELL Disgusting situation.
basically Despite our previous complaints, nullah blocked wardd no 15 mosquito BREEDING happening Disgusting situation.
tbh hi, हमारे hadapsar में for 10 days से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे This has been going on too long.
tbh stray cattle BLOCKING road Mulund kaafi dino se Very disappointed with MC.
I mean This is to inform YOU THAT W-1 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें कब होगा काम???
respected officer, drainage overflow during rain w-15 flooding streets
Hi, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा Chembur में past 2 weeks से Please take urgent action!!!
yaar It's been sine last night and still fire noc required ward 3 not getting it Kab tak wait karein???
tbh i want to report that applied birth cert powai 3 din se back no movement
basically dear mc, wadr no 25 mein death certificate nahi mila sine monday se urgnt hai कब होगा काम???
hi, encroachment on footpath near the market ward 26 pedestrians cant walk Disgusting situation.
I mean tax notice aaya hai w-15 ka lekin payment ho chuki
actually to whom it may concern, my baby born 1 hafte se certificate still not ready wadr 21
like This IS to inform you that waterlogging after rain W-18 mosquito problem getting worse This has been going on too long.
it's been for 10 days and still pipe leaking ward no 25 at the main road raod flooded
i want to report that wadr 42 in our colony mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi कब होगा काम???
bhai urgent complaint: near the temple indiranagar mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko Disgusting situation.
u see hi, fire broke out near the market wrad 8 fire brigade delayed Please take urgent action!!!
like Despite OUR previous COMPLAINTS, kachra nahi utha WARD 10 mein for the past WEEK se bahut badbu
I mean to whom it may concern, sewage smell unbearable w-6 for 10 days kids cant go to school This has been going on too long.
paid ₹5000 property tax but still showing dues wrd 39
street light wire hanging loose behind the mall ward 37 shock risk
We the residents OF ward no 3 want to say that aaj bhi wardd no 3 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
to whom it may concern, unauthorized building ward 34 please stop
yaar urgent complaint: neighbor built extra floor without permission govandi This is ridiculous!
yaar I want to report that TEEN BAAR bulaya koi nahi aaya ward 12 ka kuda uthane This has been going on too long.
u see respected officer, w-3 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं STILL not resolved!!!
you know water supply stopped ward 2 from 4 days residents suffering badly Disgusting situation.
hello sir, w-7 में मैनहोल खुला है खतरनाक स्थिति है When will this be fixed??
bhai we the residents of ward 45 want to say that trade license renewal pending since last night shop ward 45
yaar fire broke out in the bylane ward 23 fire brigade delayed We are very tired of this.
you know toilet broken and stinking ward 12 nobody cleaning Very disappointed with MC.
sir this is to inform you that road tar came off snce last night ward 41 only stones left We are very tired of this.
u see This is to inform you that wardd no 25 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete Disgusting situation.
urgent complaint: builder ne maal at plot no 45 ward 10 road pe daal diya hata do Kab tak wait karein???
It's been 3 din se and still street ligh not working vile parle in the lane 3 din se very dark at night
basically ward no 6 mein paani band hai for 2 days se LOG taras rahe hain STILL not resolved!!!
basically road repair karo ward 8 mein kitne din SE khadde hain yaar Very disappointed with MC.
despite our previous complaints, public toilet ward no 27 very dirty not cleaned since 3 day कब होगा काम???
actually I want to report that property mutation not done Mulund applied snce the rain ago Nobody is listening to us.
u see it's been for 2 days and still bhai ward 32 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo We are very tired of this.
it's been for the past week and still ₹3500 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 34 Very disappointed with MC.
like this is to inform you that ward no 23 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi This is ridiculous!
actually to whom it may concern, trade license renewal pending past 6 hours shop ward 26 This is ridiculous!
bhai mom ko heart problem hai isliye urgent chahiye paani indiranagar STILL not resolved!!!
I mean it's been since 3 days and still ward no 11 में sinc 3 days से पानी की आपूर्ति बन्द है। When will this be fixed??
bhai w-7 office se birth certificate nahi mila sinc monday se Please take urgent action!!!
u see ward no 27 office mein plan submit kiya since monday reply nahi Nobody is listening to us.
you know hi, constraction without plan approval ward no 16 Kab tak wait karein???
like respected officer, gutter bhar gaya powai mein log paani mein chal rahe Nobody is listening to us.
To whom it may concern, death registered but certiifcate pending Andheri East Please take urgent action!!!
basically no water since 1 hafte se in ward 5 when will tanker come When will this be fixed??
I want TO report that naam galat likha hai certificate MEIN ward no 17 ka When will this be fixed??
u see To whom it may concern, manhole open hai at the junction koi gir jayega pls cover lagao कब होगा काम???
Pipe leaking koramangala behind the mall road flooded
basically despite our previous complaints, no public toilet w-3 at the main road open defecation happening When will this be fixed??
tbh ward 35 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain When will this be fixed??
u see light pole broken w-8 dangerous live wire exposed
u see Hello sir, death certficate not issued w-6 office for 5 days
you know roaad broken badly MATUNGA NEAR the temple CAR tyres punctured 2 times Very disappointed with MC.
mutation request pending bandra west from last tuesday plz process कब होगा काम???
basically respected officer, huge potholes at the corner w-7 very dangerous Disgusting situation.
u see i want to report that no public toilet wardd no 17 opposite the hospital open defecation happening Disgusting situation.
u see construction without plan approval ward 5
like We the residents of wrad 29 want to say that pipe leaking outside at the signal ward 29 creating pothole also This is ridiculous!
I mean Dear MC, bhari water leakage in the bylane sadak bhar gayi We are very tired of this.
despite our previous complaints, shivaji nagar में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली Disgusting situation.
yaar despite our previous complaints, ward 19 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है snce the rain से This is ridiculous!
you know road repair karo ward 6 mein kitne din se khadde hain yaar
bhai i want to report that tax notice aaya hai laxmi nagar ka lekin payment ho chuki
u see it's been sine the rain and still my building at the signal wrad 27 has no wateer from since the rain what to do This is ridiculous!
respected officer, swm worker absent from ward 32 near d-block past 2 weeks
hi, koramangala में नाली बंद है since morning से सड़क पर गंदा पानी
Hi, road broken badly Malviya Nagar at the naka car tyres punctured 2 times We are very tired of this.
Dear MC, wardd 41 MEIN dengue KE case aa rahe HAIN fogging karo Kab tak wait karein???
dear mc, fire broke out in our colony sion fire brigade delayed Nobody is listening to us.
sir It's been for 2 days and still pipe leaking outside at plot no 45 Govandi creating pothole also Nobody is listening to us.
I mean dear mc, ward no 11 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली
this is to inform you that fire at building wardd 3 in front of my building please send fire engine Please take urgent action!!!
yaar dustbin overflowing WARD no 4 not emptied for 2 DAYS Disgusting situation.
It's been SINCE MORNING and still we r NOT getting water WARD 20 4 sinc morning wat is happening STILL not resolved!!!
mutation request pending hadapsar from last tuesday pls process
tbh ILLEGAL construction ward 37 near station without permission Very disappointed with MC.
dear mc, wrong proprty tax assessment ward no 25 property
Dear mc, ward 17 में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं Very disappointed with MC.
We the residents of wadr NO 16 WANT to say that illegal building ban RAHA hai ward no 16 mein ROK do This is ridiculous!
hi, ward 28 mein paani ka pipe past 2 weeks se leak ho raha hai Disgusting situation.
yaar to whom it may concern, tax notice came again even after paying ward 19 Very disappointed with MC.
actually to whom it may concern, fire broke out in the lane ward no 11 fire brigade delayed Please take urgent action!!!
actually wrd 26 क्षेत्र में जल आपूर्ति 1 hafte se से बाधित है Disgusting situation.
actually I want to report that cylinder blast hua near the temple Andheri East mein emergency
you know despite our previous complaints, toilet band rehta hai indiranagar mein kya fayda Please take urgent action!!!
you know WATER filter getting choked DAILY wrad 12 WATER very bad quality
building plan submitted W-12 from 4 days no response
bhai We the residents of Shivaji Nagar want to say that Shivaji Nagar mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai Very disappointed with MC.
you know dear mc, water pressure very low near station ward no 17 from last tuesday barely enough
hi, applied trade license for 10 days ago wardd no 7 still waiting When will this be fixed??
despite our previous complaints, w-4 office se birth certificate nahi mila for 10 days se
urgnt complain: street ligt toot gayi at the signal ward no 29 since the rain se Kab tak wait karein???
hi, kab aayega paani ward 42 mein itna wait kar rahe hain Kab tak wait karein???
basically massive crater sized pothole near the park ward 43 since snce the rain कब होगा काम???
I mean encroachment on footpath near the temple ward 5 pedestrians cant walk When will this be fixed??
u see I want TO report that water supply stopped W-16 1 hafte se RESIDENTS suffering badly
I mean it's been since 3 day and still huge potholes at the junction w-12 very dangerous Very disappointed with MC.
dear mc, trade license ke liye sine last month se wait kar raha hoon ward no 23
u see Respected officer, fire noc required ward 27 not getting it
this is to inform you that wadr no 26 में मच्छरों की समस्या महीने भर से से है
I mean wrad 20 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua sinc the RAIN se Very disappointed with MC.
hello sir, dirty smelly water supply w-2 past 2 weeks health risk
Hello sir, wadr 12 में in the bylane अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
Respected OFFICER, applied trade license since morning ago wadr 6 still waiting This has been going on too long.
tbh Hi, tap is dry ward 37 KAAFI dino se please check the pipeline कब होगा काम???
tbh OC application PENDING kaafi dino se ward 15 office Very disappointed with MC.
like We the residents of wardd 47 want to say that ward 47 mein public TOILET nahi hai log bahar JAATE hain Nobody is listening to us.
like building mein AAG W-2 jaldi aao कब होगा काम???
tbh Hi, mutation ka koi status nahi mila sion ka This is ridiculous!
tbh building plan submitted ward 2 for 5 days no response कब होगा काम???
yaar this is to inform you that fire noc required matunga nto getting it Kab tak wait karein???
It's been past 6 hours and still bhai wardd 12 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo This has been going on too long.
Dear MC, bhai ward no 22 me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo This has been going on too long.
IT'S been sinc morning and STILL tax notice aaya hai ward 41 ka lekin PAYMENT ho CHUKI Disgusting situation.
u see It's been sine 3 days and still all street lamps broken W-16 completely dark
I mean Urgent COMPLAINT: pipe leaking outside at the corner ward no 4 creating pothole also Disgusting situation.
We the residents of ward 42 want to say that nahi aa rha paani ward 42 mein please koi to suno This has been going on too long.
yaar urgent cmplt: daily wter supply disrupted w-10 past over a fortnight pipeline blocked maybe
Dear MC, W-15 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक Disgusting situation.
yaar Hello sir, unauthorized building Govandi please stop Please take urgent action!!!
It's been PAST 2 weeks and still tax notice came again even after paying ward 33 Kab tak wait karein???
sir respected officer, tap is dry w-19 since diwali please check the pipeline
like ward NO 8 में नाली बंद है since monday से सड़क पर गंदा पानी Nobody is listening to us.
I mean hello sir, toilet always locked wardd no 29 at plot no 45 useless facility We are very tired of this.
you know this is to inform you that my scooter fell in potholee ward 32 at the naka i got hurt Please take urgent action!!!
u see ward 28 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है This has been going on too long.
bhai despite our previous complaints, ward 9 में in the bylane अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है Nobody is listening to us.
in our colony ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya vile parle mein sine morning se When will this be fixed??
I mean in front of my building ward 44 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
Hello sir, construction without plan approval wardd no 3
you know despite our previous complaints, naam galat likha hai certificate mein ward 42 ka STILL not resolved!!!
Urgent complaint: new trade license not processed wrd 45 since last night When will this be fixed??
u see urgent complain: illegall constraction ward 12 near the temple without permission Please take urgent action!!!
It's been महीने भर से and still fire at building ward 46 at plot no 45 please send fire engine We are very tired of this.
dear mc, pothole outside my house mulund bike accident happened yesterday STILL not resolved!!!
bhai hello sir, pack of dogs chasing people wardd 48 very scary This is ridiculous!
it's been over a fortnight and still w-11 में नामांतरण over a fortnight से लंबित है कब होगा When will this be fixed??
Respected officer, we r not getting water wrad 9 4 for 2 days wat is happening Please take urgent action!!!
it's been kaafi dino se and still my building near the school ward 31 has no wateer from kaafi dino se what to do We are very tired of this.
respected officer, builder started work at night wrad 42 near d-block no permission
urgent complaint: no public toilet wardd 22 near station open defecation happening Please take urgent action!!!
sir this is to inform you that fire at building ward 43 behind the mall plz send fire engine Kab tak wait karein???
you know This is to inform you that water filter getting choked daily wrad 2 water very bad quality
tbh Hi, GARBAGE collector takes money still NT collecting VILE Parle STILL not resolved!!!
hello sir, ward 22 in the lane mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi Kab tak wait karein???
hi, need death certificate urgntly wrd 5 for insurance
like safai nahi ho rahi Matunga since 3 dayz se kachra uthao na When will this be fixed??
sir it's been sinc morning and still ward no 6 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए
you know dear mc, ward no 28 mein dukan ka license renew nahi hua since monday se
basically to whom it may concern, wardd 12 में स्ट्रीट लाइट 1 hafte se से बंद है रात में अंधेरा
tbh Dear MC, pipe leaking W-13 near the park road flooded Please take urgent action!!!
basically we the residents of ward 47 want to say that meri beti ko dengue hua wrd 47 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua We are very tired of this.
yaar hello sir, pipe leaking outside near station w-4 creating pothole also When will this be fixed??
tbh WARD 30 में व्यापार लाइसेंस from 4 day से लंबित है
like wrad no 2 mein mutation nahi hua from last tuesday se apply kiya tha Kab tak wait karein???
tbh We the residents of wrad no 13 want to say that machhar bahut hain wadr no 13 over a fortnight se spray kab karoge
bhai it's been snce diwali and still outside my house w-3 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
tbh hello sir, near the school wardd no 17 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko
actually I want to report that my area W-13 has not seen garbage van SINCE FROM last tuesday When will this be fixed??
yaar नाली से बदबू ward 17 में since MONDAY से असहनीय हो गई है This has been going on too long.
TOILET always locked Wadala near sector 7 useless facility
actually hi, near sector 7 ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya ward 44 mein sinc last night se Disgusting situation.
DESPITE our previous complaints, pothole outside my house Malviya NAGAR BIKE accident happened yesterday Please take urgent action!!!
tbh we the residents of ward 12 want to say that my area ward 12 has not seen garbage van since from last tuesday
bhai despite our previous cmplts, ward no 3 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
yaar W-6 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र since diwali से नहीं मिला We are very tired of this.
bhai it's been since last night and still at the main road ward no 6 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Please take urgent action!!!
like gutter overflow ward no 25 people walking in waste water Please take urgent action!!!
this is to inform you that no water sine for the past week in ward no 24 when will tanker come We are very tired of this.
actually Small fire w-14 near sector 7 before it spreads please come
tbh aaj bhi Hadapsar mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo
you know To whom it may concern, kachra gaadi aayi hi nahi ward no 29 me for 10 days se
like it's been 1 hafte se and still waste not picked malviya nagar in our colony 1 hafte se piling up on road Please take urgent action!!!
sir Hi, NEW trade license NOT processed Hadapsar for 2 days Very disappointed with MC.
Despite our previous complaints, mulund में गंदा दूषित जल आ रहा है पीने योग्य नहीं
actually dear mc, pothole at the junction wardd no 4 bike accident happened yesterday This has been going on too long.
actually To whom it may concern, outside my house ward 23 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है Kab tak wait karein???
yaar hi, street light wire hanging loose in our colony w-18 shock risk
I mean Dear MC, wter filter getting choked daily ward 23 water very bad quality
URGENT complaint: malaria fear Thane drain not cleaned since the rain This is ridiculous!
sir pack of dogs chasing people ward 27 very scary STILL not resolved!!!
yaar my scooter fell in pothole ward 3 at the junction i got hurt We are very tired of this.
you know We the residents of ward 41 want to say that tap is dry wadr 41 past 6 hours please check the pipeline STILL not resolved!!!
yaar water pressure very low at the corner wadr no 10 for the past week barely enough Kab tak wait karein???
like To whom it may CONCERN, online payment fail ho gayi WARD 43 mein paise kat gaye When will this be fixed??
it's been from 4 days and still wadr 23 mein paani ka pipe from 4 days se leak ho raha hai Kab tak wait karein???
you know we the residents of w-11 want to say that light pole broken w-11 dangerous live wire exposed Nobody is listening to us.
actually respected officer, raod full of potholes ward no 10 since morning vehicles getting damaged We are very tired of this.
To whom it may concern, ward no 16 में in the lane कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध When will this be fixed??
actually dear mc, construction waste dumped on road w-5 by builder When will this be fixed??
basically Applied trade license since the monsoon ago karol bagh still waiting Nobody is listening to us.
sir respected officer, aaj fir gira mai ward 28 ke khadde mein scooter le gaya neeche This is ridiculous!
Urgent cmplt: death registered but certificate pending ward 20 Very disappointed with MC.
actually powai at the main roda mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi Nobody is listening to us.
u see entire mulund in darkness after 9pm since diwali Disgusting situation.
like i want to report that ward 42 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय since last night से साफ नहीं हुआ Kab tak wait karein???
you know gutter bhar gaya wadala mein log paani mein chal rahe Please take urgent action!!!
tbh this is to inform you that ward no 10 near the market bina permission construction ho raha hai This has been going on too long.
yaar Pimpri ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha MUJHE kab milega Disgusting situation.
naam galat likha hai certficate mein ward 22 ka
I mean dear mc, entire footpath occupied by shop in front of my building w-2 past 2 weeks
tbh despite our previous complaints, ward 37 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi Disgusting situation.
I mean Respected officer, commencement certficate not received ward 31 despite approval This has been going on too long.
sir It's been sinc last night and still water pipe cracked ward 38 near the park road become muddy
sir dear mc, bandra west में व्यापार लाइसेंस for the past week से लंबित है
basically This is to inform you that teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward 24 ka kuda uthane
yaar respected officer, ward no 7 near sector 7 mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi
you know respected officer, rood tar came off महीने भर से ward no 7 only stones left This is ridiculous!
u see To whom it may concern, paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward no 17 colour bhi change hai Very disappointed with MC.
sir this is to inform you that ward 5 ki sadak me itne khadde hain ki raat ko dikh bhi nahi
yaar i want to report that death certificate nt issued ward 12 office past 2 weeks Very disappointed with MC.
I mean this is to inform you that gaaye sadak pe khadi hain w-17 traffic jam ho raha
u see this is to inform you that nahi aa rha paani wardd no 25 mein plz koi to suno
tbh Hi, ward 33 mein death certificate nahi mila since diwali se urgent hai STILL not resolved!!!
basically this is to inform you that 1 light working out of 10 in ward no 1 rest all dead
pipe leaking wadr 44 outside my house road flooded
Hi, ward no 4 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Please take urgent action!!!
sir respected officer, हमारे laxmi nagar में snce 3 day से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे When will this be fixed??
I mean Dear mc, wateer filter getting choked daily w-1 water very bad quality
like Respected officer, dog attack wrd 24 in the lane child got bitten please help
yaar dear mc, w-14 mein public toilet nahi hai log bahar jaate hain This is ridiculous!
Dear mc, water filter getting choked daily thane water very bad quality We are very tired of this.
we r nto getting water w-5 4 since last night wat is happening Very disappointed with MC.
to whom it may concern, huge potholes at the main road w-16 very dangerous Disgusting situation.
sir ward 40 office se birth certificate nahi mila snce monday se Please take urgent action!!!
ward 27 में near sector 7 पाइप फटा हुआ है पानी बह रहा है Nobody is listening to us.
tbh Despite our previous complains, street ligh wire HANGING loose near the market ward 47 SHOCK risk This has been going on too long.
this is to inform you that ward 12 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें Kab tak wait karein???
i want to report that bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward 33 mein since the rain lag gaye
we the residents of ward 26 want to say that meri beti ko dengue hua ward 26 mein ab bhi kuch nahi hua Kab tak wait karein???
I mean i want to report that ward no 12 ka proprty tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili
u see road repair KARO ward 2 mein KITNE din SE khadde HAIN yaar Please take urgent action!!!
u see mutation ka koi status nahi mila ward 12 ka
we the residents of wrad 22 want to say that water pipe cracked ward 22 in our colony road become muddy
sir This is to inform you that waste not picked pimpri at the junction since morning piling up on road Please take urgent action!!!
urgent complain: 3 people in my building got dengue w-7 please spray
i want to report that constuction without plan approval wrd no 1 कब होगा काम???
bhai it's been past 6 hours and still paani nahi aa raha ward 41 mein past 6 hours se
like i want to report that matunga behind the mall में आग लग गई है दमकल बुलाएं
u see hello sir, nahi aa rha paani wrd 34 mein please koi to suno
yaar despite our previous complaints, paani ki bohot problem hai at the signal mein koramangala ke andar We are very tired of this.
i want to report that dharavi में नाली बंद है for 2 days से सड़क पर गंदा पानी कब होगा काम???
like Dear MC, wardd 9 mein paani ka pipe since last month se leak ho raha hai Disgusting situation.
like HI, W-15 near D-block mein aag lagi hai fire BRIGADE bulao STILL not resolved!!!
basically respected officer, nali choke ho gayi ward 26 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha
you know despite our previous complaints, opposite the hospital ward 24 ka kuda uthao yaar sine diwali se nahi utha Kab tak wait karein???
actually this is to inform you that nali choke ho gayi ward 38 ganda paani sadak pe aa raha Very disappointed with MC.
sir Mulund near sector 7 mein LOG kachra fek rahe hain gandagi STILL not resolved!!!
u see hello sir, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya mulund ka kuda uthane Very disappointed with MC.
bhai dear mc, open manhole at the naka koramangala very dangerous especially at night STILL not resolved!!!
u see pipe phoot gayi wadr no 24 OPPOSITE THE hospital mein PAANI beh raha HAI Disgusting situation.
u see hello sir, bhai sion me paani nahi chal raha kuch karo
u see W-16 office mein plan submit kiya for 10 days reply nahi
we the residents of wadr no 19 want to say that 1 light working out of 10 in wrad no 19 rest all dead When will this be fixed??
actually urgent complain: ward 29 में at the main road अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
you know DEAR MC, Koramangala का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
Dear MC, drainage overflow during rain wardd no 5 flooding streets Please take urgent action!!!
wrong property tax assessment ward no 5 property
basically respected officer, water pipe cracked ward no 4 near station roaad become muddy Nobody is listening to us.
u see It's been महीने भर से and still naam galat likha hai certificate mein wrd 28 ka
you know i want to report that bhari water leakage at the corner sadak bhar gayi
despite our previous complaints, road broken badly ward 21 near sector 7 car tyres punctured 2 times
sir we the residents of ward 7 want to say that paani mein mitti aa rahi hai ward 7 colour bhi change hai We are very tired of this.
bhai wardd no 14 mein lgiht nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai Disgusting situation.
bhai We the residents of ward 29 want to say that road broken badly wardd 29 in OUR colony CAR tyres punctured 2 times
bhai trade license ke liye past 2 weeks se wait kar raha hoon ward 27 When will this be fixed??
I want to report that dustbin overflowing ward 32 not emptied sine diwali When will this be fixed??
I mean water has weird smell and colour ward 2
like paid ₹25000 property tax but still showing dues w-12
it's been since 3 dyas and still footpath pe encroachment hai outside my house ward 2 mein This is ridiculous!
Hi, ward 12 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है from last tuesday से This is ridiculous!
Hi, ward no 9 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain from last tuesday se bahut takleef This has been going on too long.
hi, mosquito breeding open drain ward no 20 health risk This has been going on too long.
actually Dear MC, we called the garbage number 3 times Vikhroli no response Disgusting situation.
bhai in front of my building W-5 mein kutte bahut aggressive hain raat ko This has been going on too long.
hello sir, wardd 9 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली We are very tired of this.
you know Respected officer, wadr 11 में कचरा गाड़ी from last tuesday से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है
this is to inform you that w-17 से मृत्यु प्रमाण पत्र since yesterday से नहीं मिला
basically Kurla mein awaara kutte bahut hain bacchon ko kaat rahe
नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा WARD no 6 में since yesterday से
actually We the residents of wrad no 27 want to say that drain blocked wadr no 27 near D-block SEWAGE overflowing on road Please take urgent action!!!
yaar URGENT complaint: pack of dogs chasing people W-15 very scary Nobody is listening to us.
despite our previous cmplts, teen baar bulaya koi nahi aaya ward no 1 ka kuda uthane When will this be fixed??
it's been since diwali and still पड़ोसी ने vikhroli में बिना अनुमति एक मंजिल बना ली This has been going on too long.
basically urgent complaint: daily water supply disrupted ward 25 past for 2 days pipeline blocked maybe
tbh we the residents of w-17 want to say that garbage wala nahi aaya w-17 near d-block past 2 weeks se
I want to REPORT that at plot no 45 ward 21 mein paani khada hai mosquito breeding Please take urgent action!!!
yaar small fire ward no 12 near the park before it spreads please come We are very tired of this.
yaar paani ki problem hai pimpri mein sine yesterday se nala band hogaya
to whom it may concern, unauthorized building wardd no 27 please stop कब होगा काम???
you know This is to inform you that death registered but certificate pending Shivaji Nagar Nobody is listening to us.
tbh hello sir, हमारे ward no 7 में महीने भर से से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे
I mean urgent complaint: water filter getting choked daily ward 28 watr very bad quality Nobody is listening to us.
sir despite our previous complaints, construction without plan approval ward 10
Urgent complaint: supply cut without notice hadapsar since the rain Very disappointed with MC.
bhai Hello sir, ward 10 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक Very disappointed with MC.
sir baarish ke baad DRAIN overflow Chembur mein road nahi dikh raha Disgusting situation.
u see ward 6 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete STILL not resolved!!!
tbh to whom it may concern, wator leakage near d-block ward 3 huge wastage plz fix Very disappointed with MC.
hi, wrong property tax assessment chembur property This is ridiculous!
sir Dear mc, potholes on main road wardd 16 causing accidents 1 hafte se
basically tax NOTICE aaya hai wadr no 9 ka lekin PAYMENT ho chuki This has been going on too long.
basically i want to report that water filter getting choked daily ward no 11 water very bad quality This has been going on too long.
urgent complaint: ward no 25 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain for 5 day se bahut takleef Kab tak wait karein???
u see Dear MC, road dug up for construction never repaired Govandi for 10 days Kab tak wait karein???
We the residents of ward 31 want to say that death registered but certificate pending ward 31
actually this is to inform you that ward no 18 में कचरा गाड़ी 3 din se से नहीं आई सड़क गंदी है Nobody is listening to us.
bhai Hello sir, MUTATION ka koi status nahi mila Andheri EAST ka कब होगा काम???
Dear MC, ward 33 से जन्म प्रमाण पत्र past 2 weeks से नहीं मिला
u see hi, cylinder blast hua at plot no 45 wrd no 9 mein emergency We are very tired of this.
yaar pipe toot gayi in the lane Vikhroli ke paas jaldi aao
Respected officer, cylinder blast outside my house ward 2 need immediate help
bhai despite our previous complaints, tax demand notice for ward no 29 but payment done for 10 days ago
sir we the residents of ward 7 want to say that ward 7 में संपत्ति कर भुगतान की रसीद नहीं मिली This has been going on too long.
yaar need death certificate urgently W-13 for insurance कब होगा काम???
like This is to inform you that STREET light not WORKING ward no 3 in the bylane since the monsoon very dark at night This is ridiculous!
I want to report that stray dogs not sterilized ward 44 population increasing Very disappointed with MC.
oc application pending past 2 weeks thane office Very disappointed with MC.
basically ward 9 में आवारा पशु सड़क रोक रहे हैं Please take urgent action!!!
you know i want to report that borivali ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega Please take urgent action!!!
It's been snce morning and still wire latki hui hai near the park shock lag sakta hai kisi ko
URGENT complaint: wire latki HUI HAI near SECTOR 7 shock lag SAKTA HAI kisi ko This is ridiculous!
I mean To whom it may concern, water from tap ward 10 yellow coloured not drinkable
basically i want to report that no water in wardd 23 3 din se This is ridiculous!
Respected OFFICER, open manhole in our colony ward 22 very dangerous ESPECIALLY at night
Urgent complaint: major pipe burst behind the mall ward 2 wter wasting We are very tired of this.
i want to report that pipe toot gayi at the signal hadapsar ke paas jaldi aao Very disappointed with MC.
sir I want to report that mosquito problem Sion near the school no fogging 1 hafte se
u see It's been 1 hafte se and still near D-block ward no 8 में गड्ढे से दुर्घटना का खतरा है
sir This is to inform you that applied birth cert ward 17 snce diwali back no MOVEMENT We are very tired of this.
dear mc, ward no 20 में पानी में मिट्टी आ रही है snce the monsoon से कब होगा काम???
main pipeline burst karol bagh water gushing out for 10 days
road dug up for construction never repaired vile parle for 2 days Kab tak wait karein???
like despite our previous complaints, w-19 mein light nahi hai raat ko andhera bahut hota hai
I mean wrad 20 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय sinc monday से साफ नहीं हुआ
despite our previous complaints, नल में पानी नहीं आ रहा wadr no 17 में past 6 hours से Disgusting situation.
you know I want to report that ward 11 में at the corner अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
hi, cylinder blast hua behind the mall w-10 mein emergency
building permission ke liye kaafi dino se wait kar raha hoon powai
you know Paani ki problem hai ward no 25 mein since morning se nala band hogaya This has been going on too long.
basically some amount bhar diye phir bhi due SHOW ho raha HAI ward no 3 Nobody is listening to us.
sir many stray dogs Bandra West in front of my building biting residents कब होगा काम???
you know I want to report that ward 17 near sector 7 mein log kachra fek rahe hain gandagi
Hello sir, road dug UP for construction never repaired ward no 11 KAAFI dino se Nobody is listening to us.
basically this is to inform you that ward 46 mein sadak pe bade khadde hain past 2 weeks se bahut takleef
actually ward no 1 में at plot no 45 अवैध निर्माण हो रहा है
sir This is to INFORM you that no water in Chembur for the past week
basically building mein aag indiranagar jaldi aao Please take urgent action!!!
yaar gutter bhar gaya ward 12 mein log paani mein chal rahe Nobody is listening to us.
you know ward 30 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Nobody is listening to us.
tbh hi, trade license renewal pending since monday shop w-14 कब होगा काम???
tbh hello sir, wrad 23 में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए Very disappointed with MC.
this is to inform you that w-4 में near the market कचरा फेंका जा रहा है अवैध
Dear MC, cylinder blast hua IN the lane ward 19 mein EMERGENCY Very disappointed with MC.
you know i want to report that garbage lying on road chembur for 5 days disease risk Disgusting situation.
bhai Hi, W-17 mein mutation nahi hua 3 din se se apply kiya tha When will this be fixed??
I want to REPORT that aaj bhi ward 9 mein PAANI nahi aaya TANKER bhejo
u see huge potholes at the corner ward no 25 very dangerous We are very tired of this.
urgent complaint: garbage collector takes money still not collecting ward no 20 Very disappointed with MC.
basically to whom it may concern, road tar came off 1 hafte se w-12 only stones left Disgusting situation.
basically we the residents of ward 3 want to say that building plan submitted ward 3 sine 3 days no response कब होगा काम???
bhai It's been महीने भर से and still my baby born महीने भर से certificate still not ready w-14 Disgusting situation.
basically Dear mc, birth certiifcate not received w-2 office from 4 dayz Kab tak wait karein???
to whom it may concern, online payment fail ho gayi ward no 16 mein paise kat gaye Nobody is listening to us.
respected officer, illegal dump near the park w-2 flies mosquitoes everywhere Please take urgent action!!!
u see it's been for the past week and still malaria fear thane drain nto cleaned for the past week When will this be fixed??
Hello sir, wrong property tax assessment wrad 24 PROPERTY Nobody is listening to us.
respected officer, ward 49 में भवन निर्माण अनुमति since 3 days से लंबित है When will this be fixed??
sir Hi, pipe phoot gayi ward 27 behind the mall mein paani beh raha hai When will this be fixed??
u see ward no 1 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
like I want to report that MOSQUITO problem ward 31 near sector 7 no fogging from 4 days We are very tired of this.
actually respected officer, wardd no 13 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक We are very tired of this.
I mean wrad 28 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक
u see i want to report that paani ki problem hai wardd no 29 mein since monday se nala band hogaya
actually to whom it may concern, ward 2 mein paani ka pipe sine monday se leak ho raha hai
Hi, tax notice aaya hai ward no 4 ka lekin payment ho chuki Nobody is listening to us.
Despite our previous complaints, gutter overflow ward 41 people walking in WASTE water Disgusting situation.
bhai respected officer, online property tax payment failed amount ₹5000 deducted w-17 Nobody is listening to us.
urgent complaint: naam galat likha hai certificate mein powai ka
dear mc, w-14 ka paani 3 din se nahi aa rha mujhe kab milega We are very tired of this.
Dear mc, ward 49 का गलत कर आकलन हुआ सुधार करें
Hello sir, entire footpath occupied by shop behind the mall ward no 17 over a FORTNIGHT Kab tak wait karein???
bhai We the residents of indiranagar want to say that machhar bahut hain indiranagar 1 hafte se se spray kab karoge STILL not resolved!!!
u see despite our previous complaints, sewage smell unbearable wrad 22 for 10 dayz kids cant go to school Disgusting situation.
bhai water supply stopped ward 49 since morning residents suffering badly We are very tired of this.
like dear mc, death registered but certifcate pending ward 19 Very disappointed with MC.
yaar ward 14 office hi nahi uthata phone trade license ke liye Very disappointed with MC.
yaar This is to inform you that ward 16 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है Very disappointed with MC.
actually 1 light working out of 10 in ward 1 rest all dead
you know pipe TOOT gayi at plot no 45 W-6 ke PAAS jaldi aao When will this be fixed??
urgent cmplt: ward 34 में सड़क पर बड़े-बड़े गड्ढे हैं वाहन चलाना खतरनाक We are very tired of this.
I want to report that dustbin overflowing W-7 noot emptied FOR 5 days
tbh i want to report that w-3 की सड़क पर पाइप लीकेज से पानी भर गया
actually Dear mc, kal kutte ne kaata ek bacche ko wrd 31 mein urgent karo
actually applied birth cert W-4 since 3 days back no movement Disgusting situation.
yaar to whom it may concern, tax notice came again even after paying chembur
sir I want to report that garbage not collected ward no 17 for 2 dayz unbearable smell
we the residents of ward no 27 want to say that illegal building ban raha hai ward no 27 mein rok do STILL not resolved!!!
you know To whom it may concern, my area Malviya Nagar has not seen garbaage van since since 3 days कब होगा काम???
it's been since diwali and still open manhole near d-block ward 26 very dangerous especially at night This has been going on too long.
actually respected officer, big water leak wrd no 29 kaafi dino se nobody coming to fix
to whom it may concern, entire footpath occupied by shop near station ward 41 from 4 days We are very tired of this.
actually hi, toilet band rehta hai w-18 mein kya fayda
ward 9 में व्यापार लाइसेंस sine the rain से लंबित है We are very tired of this.
despite our previous complaints, गड्ढे की वजह से ward no 12 में दो लोग गिरे अब तक नहीं भरा
hello sir, potholes on main roda ward no 16 causing accidents kaafi dino se Very disappointed with MC.
I mean This is to inform you that pothole NEAR the market ward NO 26 bike ACCIDENT happened yesterday
w-10 ka property tax bhar diya receipt nahi mili When will this be fixed??
actually toilet broken and stinking Karol Bagh nobody cleaning
I mean I want to report that water supply stopped ward 27 from 4 days residents suffering badly
like HELLO sir, WARD 7 में व्यापार लाइसेंस since yesterday से लंबित है Nobody is listening to us.
bhai Respected OFFICER, ward 22 mein LIGHT nahi hai raat ko ANDHERA bahut hota hai STILL not resolved!!!
basically it's been since yesterday and still proprty tax portal down cannot pay laxmi nagar
u see to whom it may concern, toilet broken and stinking ward no 6 nobody cleaning Please take urgent action!!!
u see Hi, drainage overflow during rain Santacruz flooding streets
u see DESPITE our previous cmplts, mutation request pending ward 30 महीने भर से plz process STILL not resolved!!!
tbh people dumping garbage opposite the hospital ward 1 very unhygienic Please take urgent action!!!
Respected officer, AAJ bhi W-16 mein paani nahi aaya tanker bhejo We are very tired of this.
basically pipe phoot gayi shivaji nagar in front of my building mein paani beh raha hai This has been going on too long.
to whom it may concern, borivali में सिलेंडर फटा है तत्काल सहायता चाहिए This is ridiculous!
actually costrution without plan approval Karol Bagh
bhai dear mc, applied birth cert ward no 11 for the past week back no movement Kab tak wait karein???
i want to report that tax demand notice for ward 34 but payment done from 4 dyas ago Nobody is listening to us.
you know this is to inform you that it rained and entire road disappeared kurla only pits left कब होगा काम???
sir to whom it may concern, pipe leaking wardd 31 at the corner road flooded This is ridiculous!
my shop HAS no license because W-4 office nto responding When will this be fixed??
sir ENTIRE ward 22 in darkness AFTER 9pm महीने भर से We are very tired of this.
tbh death registered but certificate pending ward no 9
to whom it may concern, garbage collector takes money still not collecting ward no 11 Disgusting situation.
basically hi, ward 22 में नाली बंद है since 3 days से सड़क पर गंदा पानी Kab tak wait karein???
hello sir, builder started work at night ward 34 near d-block no permission This has been going on too long.
road tar came off from 4 days ward 21 only stones LEFT कब होगा काम???
bhai Hello sir, building permission ke liye for 10 day wait kar raha hoon dharavi Very disappointed with MC.
like despite our previous complaints, no water since past 6 hours in wardd 22 when will tanker come Disgusting situation.
bhai i want to report that applied for mutation since last night no update w-4 When will this be fixed??
tbh at plot no 45 ka footpath dukan ne gheer liya w-16 mein since the monsoon se When will this be fixed??
bhai to whom it may concern, property tax portal down cannot pay w-7 Very disappointed with MC.
it's been past 6 hours and still no watr since past 6 hours in ward 29 when will tanker come This has been going on too long.
like this is to inform you that waterlogging after rain ward 3 mosquito problem getting worse कब होगा काम???
Hi, 1 ligh working out of 10 in LAXMI Nagar rest all dead STILL not resolved!!!
yaar dear mc, building mein aag ward no 7 jaldi aao STILL not resolved!!!
yaar dear mc, 1 light working out of 10 in wrad no 10 rest all dead
you know we r not getting water wrd 27 4 since last month wat is happening Very disappointed with MC.
actually toilet broken and stinking w-1 nobody cleaning Nobody is listening to us.
tbh light pole broken sion dangerous live wire exposed
basically we the residents of matunga want to say that ₹3500 bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai matunga Disgusting situation.
Dear mc, ward 13 में नाम गलत लिखा है प्रमाण पत्र में सुधार करें
Respected officer, pipe toot gayi at the naka wrad no 4 ke paas jaldi aao
like hi, applied trade license for the past week ago ward 45 still waiting
actually respected officer, builder ne maal at the corner matunga road pe daal diya hata do This has been going on too long.
Respected officer, wardd no 21 में सार्वजनिक शौचालय for 2 dyas से साफ नहीं हुआ Please take urgent action!!!
u see ward no 19 में डेंगू के मामले बढ़ रहे हैं फॉगिंग जरूरी है This is ridiculous!
like despite our previous complaints, my area w-15 has not seen garbaje van sinc sinc the rain
tbh This is to inform you that w-9 at the signal bina permission construction ho raha hai This has been going on too long.
tbh hello sir, ward 11 mein ganda paani aa raha hai peene layak nahi We are very tired of this.
sir it's been since the rain and still encroachment on footpath behind the mall w-10 pedestrians cant walk Nobody is listening to us.
I mean i want to report that stray cattle blocking road w-11 since the rain Disgusting situation.
yaar despite our previous complaints, mosquito problem ward 1 at the signal no fogging past 2 weeks This is ridiculous!
yaar Respected OFFICER, manhole open hai AT the naka koi gir jayega PLS cover lagao Disgusting situation.
bhai water pipe cracked pimpri near sector 7 road become muddy We are very tired of this.
Trade license renewal pending from 4 days shop ward no 4 Disgusting situation.
actually respected officer, water not coming from tap at the corner ward 43 When will this be fixed??
dog attack wardd 34 AT the corner child got bitten plz help
Hello sir, dirty smelly water supply ward no 4 since morning health risk When will this be fixed??
u see i want to report that dustbin bhar gayi wadala mein khali karo pleese कब होगा काम???
TO whom it may CONCERN, entire wardd 16 in darkness after 9pm since morning
dear mc, 1 light working out of 10 in w-19 rest all dead
urgent complaint: paani nahi aa raha w-17 mein since the monsoon se Nobody is listening to us.
you know नाली से बदबू Santacruz में महीने भर से से असहनीय हो गई है When will this be fixed??
bhai Respected officer, some amount bhar diye phir bhi due show ho raha hai ward 15 कब होगा काम???
yaar urgent complain: w-9 ka paani smell kar raha hai bilkul nahi peete This has been going on too long.
actually it's been 3 din se and still हमारे wrd no 24 में 3 din se से पानी नहीं है जल विभाग ध्यान दे Please take urgent action!!!
u see this is to inform you that baarish ke baad drain overflow ward 33 mein roda nahi dikh raha
u see dear mc, neighbor built extra floor without permission w-10 When will this be fixed??
like paani mein mitti aa rahi hai wadr 40 colour bhi change hai
basically it's been sine last night and still bacche ka certificate nahi bana ward 2 mein snce last night lag gaye This has been going on too long.
sir 1 light working out of 10 in ward no 29 rest all dead We are very tired of this.
actually hello sir, w-4 में आवारा कुत्ते लोगों को काट रहे हैं
you know We THE RESIDENTS of ward no 21 want TO say that building permission ke liye kaafi dino se wait kar raha hoon ward NO 21 When will this be fixed??
I mean respected officer, we called the garbage number 3 times ward 9 no response Very disappointed with MC.
actually Ward 21 में नामांतरण since last night से लंबित है कब होगा This is ridiculous!
Dear mc, ward 32 में बिना अनुमति भवन निर्माण हो रहा है We are very tired of this.
hi, my scooter fell in pothole w-19 in the lane i got hurt We are very tired of this.
I mean to whom it may concern, mutation request pending ward 49 since last month pls process Disgusting situation.
tbh Respected officer, W-5 near sector 7 mein aag lagi hai fire brigade bulao
bhai ward 43 में outside my house के पास खंभे का तार लटक रहा है खतरनाक Kab tak wait karein???
I mean baarish ke BAAD drain overflow ward no 10 mein road nahi dikh raha Nobody is listening to us.
kindly HOW TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION
new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
water connection transfer process kya hai
paani ka bil online kaise bhare
HOW TO PAY WATER BILL ONLINE
plz water meter complaint kaise kare
sir paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
bhai how to apply for new water connection
new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
sir water connection transfer process kya hai
hello paani ka bil online kaise bhare
sir HOW TO PAY WATER BILL ONLINE
water meter complaint kaise kare
plz paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
bhai HOW TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION
new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
plz WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER PROCESS KYA HAI
plz paani ka bil online kaise bhare
sir HOW TO PAY WATER BILL ONLINE
sir WATER METER COMPLAINT KAISE KARE
bhai paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
sir how to apply for new water connection
kindly new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
sir water connection transfer process kya hai
hello paani ka bil online kaise bhare
how to pay water bill online
WATER METER COMPLAINT KAISE KARE
kindly PAANI KA METER KHARAB HAI KYA KARNA HAI
how to apply for new water connection
plz new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER PROCESS KYA HAI
sir PAANI KA BIL ONLINE KAISE BHARE
sir how to pay water bill online
sir water meter complaint kaise kare
PAANI KA METER KHARAB HAI KYA KARNA HAI
how to apply for new water connection
new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
sir नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
sir water connection transfer process kya hai
PAANI KA BIL ONLINE KAISE BHARE
how to pay water bill online
water meter complaint kaise kare
PAANI KA METER KHARAB HAI KYA KARNA HAI
how to apply for new water connection
new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER PROCESS KYA HAI
bhai paani ka bil online kaise bhare
bhai how to pay water bill online
kindly WATER METER COMPLAINT KAISE KARE
hello PAANI KA METER KHARAB HAI KYA KARNA HAI
hello how to apply for new water connection
bhai new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
plz नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
water connection transfer process kya hai
paani ka bil online kaise bhare
plz HOW TO PAY WATER BILL ONLINE
sir water meter complaint kaise kare
paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
hello HOW TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION
new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
plz नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
plz water connection transfer process kya hai
hello paani ka bil online kaise bhare
HOW TO PAY WATER BILL ONLINE
WATER METER COMPLAINT KAISE KARE
sir PAANI KA METER KHARAB HAI KYA KARNA HAI
how to apply for new water connection
new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
bhai नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
sir water connection transfer process kya hai
hello PAANI KA BIL ONLINE KAISE BHARE
HOW TO PAY WATER BILL ONLINE
WATER METER COMPLAINT KAISE KARE
paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
HOW TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION
new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
kindly नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
water connection transfer process kya hai
plz paani ka bil online kaise bhare
kindly how to pay water bill online
water meter complaint kaise kare
bhai paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
kindly HOW TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION
NEW WATER CONNECTION KE LIYE KYA KARNA PADTA HAI
hello नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
sir water connection transfer process kya hai
PAANI KA BIL ONLINE KAISE BHARE
sir HOW TO PAY WATER BILL ONLINE
WATER METER COMPLAINT KAISE KARE
bhai paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
how to apply for new water connection
hello new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
sir नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
kindly water connection transfer process kya hai
hello paani ka bil online kaise bhare
how to pay water bill online
water meter complaint kaise kare
PAANI KA METER KHARAB HAI KYA KARNA HAI
plz HOW TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION
NEW WATER CONNECTION KE LIYE KYA KARNA PADTA HAI
plz नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
bhai water connection transfer process kya hai
paani ka bil online kaise bhare
sir HOW TO PAY WATER BILL ONLINE
water meter complaint kaise kare
plz paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
how to apply for new water connection
NEW WATER CONNECTION KE LIYE KYA KARNA PADTA HAI
kindly नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
sir WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER PROCESS KYA HAI
paani ka bil online kaise bhare
how to pay water bill online
hello water meter complaint kaise kare
paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
how to apply for new water connection
new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
bhai water connection transfer process kya hai
paani ka bil online kaise bhare
hello HOW TO PAY WATER BILL ONLINE
WATER METER COMPLAINT KAISE KARE
paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
plz how to apply for new water connection
hello NEW WATER CONNECTION KE LIYE KYA KARNA PADTA HAI
hello नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
kindly water connection transfer process kya hai
paani ka bil online kaise bhare
hello how to pay water bill online
hello water meter complaint kaise kare
sir paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
sir how to apply for new water connection
sir new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
kindly नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
water connection transfer process kya hai
bhai PAANI KA BIL ONLINE KAISE BHARE
plz how to pay water bill online
hello water meter complaint kaise kare
PAANI KA METER KHARAB HAI KYA KARNA HAI
how to apply for new water connection
hello new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
hello नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
bhai water connection transfer process kya hai
PAANI KA BIL ONLINE KAISE BHARE
how to pay water bill online
hello water meter complaint kaise kare
bhai PAANI KA METER KHARAB HAI KYA KARNA HAI
kindly HOW TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION
bhai new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
bhai नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
bhai WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER PROCESS KYA HAI
paani ka bil online kaise bhare
plz how to pay water bill online
bhai water meter complaint kaise kare
paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
hello HOW TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION
new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
kindly नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
sir water connection transfer process kya hai
bhai PAANI KA BIL ONLINE KAISE BHARE
hello how to pay water bill online
water meter complaint kaise kare
bhai paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
how to apply for new water connection
new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
sir नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
water connection transfer process kya hai
kindly PAANI KA BIL ONLINE KAISE BHARE
sir how to pay water bill online
kindly water meter complaint kaise kare
PAANI KA METER KHARAB HAI KYA KARNA HAI
how to apply for new water connection
new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
sir नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
hello WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER PROCESS KYA HAI
bhai paani ka bil online kaise bhare
how to pay water bill online
hello water meter complaint kaise kare
hello PAANI KA METER KHARAB HAI KYA KARNA HAI
sir how to apply for new water connection
new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
water connection transfer process kya hai
paani ka bil online kaise bhare
hello HOW TO PAY WATER BILL ONLINE
sir WATER METER COMPLAINT KAISE KARE
paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
how to apply for new water connection
plz new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
plz नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
water connection transfer process kya hai
hello PAANI KA BIL ONLINE KAISE BHARE
HOW TO PAY WATER BILL ONLINE
bhai water meter complaint kaise kare
bhai paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
plz how to apply for new water connection
NEW WATER CONNECTION KE LIYE KYA KARNA PADTA HAI
plz नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER PROCESS KYA HAI
PAANI KA BIL ONLINE KAISE BHARE
kindly how to pay water bill online
water meter complaint kaise kare
bhai paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
plz how to apply for new water connection
new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
plz नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
plz WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER PROCESS KYA HAI
bhai paani ka bil online kaise bhare
kindly how to pay water bill online
bhai WATER METER COMPLAINT KAISE KARE
plz PAANI KA METER KHARAB HAI KYA KARNA HAI
bhai how to apply for new water connection
bhai NEW WATER CONNECTION KE LIYE KYA KARNA PADTA HAI
hello नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
kindly water connection transfer process kya hai
plz paani ka bil online kaise bhare
hello how to pay water bill online
water meter complaint kaise kare
plz PAANI KA METER KHARAB HAI KYA KARNA HAI
how to apply for new water connection
hello new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
plz water connection transfer process kya hai
kindly paani ka bil online kaise bhare
how to pay water bill online
water meter complaint kaise kare
hello paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
how to apply for new water connection
bhai new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
hello water connection transfer process kya hai
sir paani ka bil online kaise bhare
HOW TO PAY WATER BILL ONLINE
water meter complaint kaise kare
paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
plz how to apply for new water connection
hello NEW WATER CONNECTION KE LIYE KYA KARNA PADTA HAI
नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
water connection transfer process kya hai
sir PAANI KA BIL ONLINE KAISE BHARE
bhai how to pay water bill online
WATER METER COMPLAINT KAISE KARE
sir PAANI KA METER KHARAB HAI KYA KARNA HAI
HOW TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION
hello NEW WATER CONNECTION KE LIYE KYA KARNA PADTA HAI
plz नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
water connection transfer process kya hai
sir paani ka bil online kaise bhare
HOW TO PAY WATER BILL ONLINE
water meter complaint kaise kare
bhai PAANI KA METER KHARAB HAI KYA KARNA HAI
plz how to apply for new water connection
hello new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
sir water connection transfer process kya hai
PAANI KA BIL ONLINE KAISE BHARE
hello how to pay water bill online
bhai water meter complaint kaise kare
paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
how to apply for new water connection
hello NEW WATER CONNECTION KE LIYE KYA KARNA PADTA HAI
bhai नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
bhai water connection transfer process kya hai
paani ka bil online kaise bhare
how to pay water bill online
bhai water meter complaint kaise kare
bhai paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
sir how to apply for new water connection
kindly NEW WATER CONNECTION KE LIYE KYA KARNA PADTA HAI
bhai नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
water connection transfer process kya hai
plz paani ka bil online kaise bhare
sir HOW TO PAY WATER BILL ONLINE
sir WATER METER COMPLAINT KAISE KARE
sir paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
kindly how to apply for new water connection
plz new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
bhai नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
bhai water connection transfer process kya hai
bhai paani ka bil online kaise bhare
hello how to pay water bill online
WATER METER COMPLAINT KAISE KARE
paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
bhai how to apply for new water connection
NEW WATER CONNECTION KE LIYE KYA KARNA PADTA HAI
sir नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
sir water connection transfer process kya hai
sir paani ka bil online kaise bhare
plz how to pay water bill online
kindly WATER METER COMPLAINT KAISE KARE
paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
HOW TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION
hello NEW WATER CONNECTION KE LIYE KYA KARNA PADTA HAI
kindly नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
water connection transfer process kya hai
kindly PAANI KA BIL ONLINE KAISE BHARE
sir how to pay water bill online
water meter complaint kaise kare
plz PAANI KA METER KHARAB HAI KYA KARNA HAI
how to apply for new water connection
new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
water connection transfer process kya hai
bhai paani ka bil online kaise bhare
sir how to pay water bill online
water meter complaint kaise kare
paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
how to apply for new water connection
sir new water connection ke liye kya karna padta hai
kindly नया पानी कनेक्शन कैसे मिलेगा
hello water connection transfer process kya hai
plz PAANI KA BIL ONLINE KAISE BHARE
how to pay water bill online
water meter complaint kaise kare
sir paani ka meter kharab hai kya karna hai
PROPERTY TAX KAISE CALCULATE HOTA HAI
bhai HOW IS PROPERTY TAX CALCULATED
kindly संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
hello SELF ASSESSMENT FORM KAISE BHARE
property tax online payment kaise kare
MERA PROPERTY TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER KAISE MILEGA
WHAT DOCUMENTS NEEDED FOR PROPERTY TAX TRANSFER
PROPERTY TAX KAISE CALCULATE HOTA HAI
bhai how is property tax calculated
plz संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
bhai property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
self assessment form kaise bhare
bhai PROPERTY TAX ONLINE PAYMENT KAISE KARE
mera property tax account number kaise milega
what documents needed for property tax transfer
kindly property tax kaise calculate hota hai
plz how is property tax calculated
संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
sir property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
self assessment form kaise bhare
bhai property tax online payment kaise kare
kindly mera property tax account number kaise milega
what documents needed for property tax transfer
kindly property tax kaise calculate hota hai
bhai how is property tax calculated
संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
kindly PROPERTY TAX EXEMPTION KE LIYE KAUN ELIGIBLE HAI
plz self assessment form kaise bhare
PROPERTY TAX ONLINE PAYMENT KAISE KARE
mera property tax account number kaise milega
hello what documents needed for property tax transfer
hello property tax kaise calculate hota hai
how is property tax calculated
sir संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
plz property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
bhai SELF ASSESSMENT FORM KAISE BHARE
sir property tax online payment kaise kare
bhai mera property tax account number kaise milega
hello WHAT DOCUMENTS NEEDED FOR PROPERTY TAX TRANSFER
plz property tax kaise calculate hota hai
plz HOW IS PROPERTY TAX CALCULATED
संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
plz PROPERTY TAX EXEMPTION KE LIYE KAUN ELIGIBLE HAI
kindly self assessment form kaise bhare
kindly PROPERTY TAX ONLINE PAYMENT KAISE KARE
hello mera property tax account number kaise milega
what documents needed for property tax transfer
bhai property tax kaise calculate hota hai
sir HOW IS PROPERTY TAX CALCULATED
sir संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
kindly PROPERTY TAX EXEMPTION KE LIYE KAUN ELIGIBLE HAI
SELF ASSESSMENT FORM KAISE BHARE
property tax online payment kaise kare
bhai MERA PROPERTY TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER KAISE MILEGA
sir what documents needed for property tax transfer
property tax kaise calculate hota hai
HOW IS PROPERTY TAX CALCULATED
संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
kindly property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
self assessment form kaise bhare
property tax online payment kaise kare
bhai mera property tax account number kaise milega
hello what documents needed for property tax transfer
sir property tax kaise calculate hota hai
kindly how is property tax calculated
hello संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
sir property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
kindly self assessment form kaise bhare
property tax online payment kaise kare
hello mera property tax account number kaise milega
plz what documents needed for property tax transfer
property tax kaise calculate hota hai
HOW IS PROPERTY TAX CALCULATED
hello संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
hello self assessment form kaise bhare
property tax online payment kaise kare
kindly MERA PROPERTY TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER KAISE MILEGA
sir WHAT DOCUMENTS NEEDED FOR PROPERTY TAX TRANSFER
sir PROPERTY TAX KAISE CALCULATE HOTA HAI
plz how is property tax calculated
kindly संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
plz property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
sir self assessment form kaise bhare
sir PROPERTY TAX ONLINE PAYMENT KAISE KARE
mera property tax account number kaise milega
plz what documents needed for property tax transfer
property tax kaise calculate hota hai
kindly how is property tax calculated
plz संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
kindly property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
self assessment form kaise bhare
property tax online payment kaise kare
bhai MERA PROPERTY TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER KAISE MILEGA
what documents needed for property tax transfer
hello property tax kaise calculate hota hai
HOW IS PROPERTY TAX CALCULATED
plz संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
hello property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
SELF ASSESSMENT FORM KAISE BHARE
hello property tax online payment kaise kare
mera property tax account number kaise milega
what documents needed for property tax transfer
property tax kaise calculate hota hai
sir HOW IS PROPERTY TAX CALCULATED
plz संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
PROPERTY TAX EXEMPTION KE LIYE KAUN ELIGIBLE HAI
self assessment form kaise bhare
sir property tax online payment kaise kare
MERA PROPERTY TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER KAISE MILEGA
hello what documents needed for property tax transfer
plz PROPERTY TAX KAISE CALCULATE HOTA HAI
how is property tax calculated
kindly संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
sir property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
kindly self assessment form kaise bhare
bhai property tax online payment kaise kare
hello mera property tax account number kaise milega
kindly what documents needed for property tax transfer
property tax kaise calculate hota hai
HOW IS PROPERTY TAX CALCULATED
संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
sir property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
plz self assessment form kaise bhare
property tax online payment kaise kare
mera property tax account number kaise milega
plz WHAT DOCUMENTS NEEDED FOR PROPERTY TAX TRANSFER
PROPERTY TAX KAISE CALCULATE HOTA HAI
sir how is property tax calculated
hello संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
plz PROPERTY TAX EXEMPTION KE LIYE KAUN ELIGIBLE HAI
sir self assessment form kaise bhare
property tax online payment kaise kare
mera property tax account number kaise milega
what documents needed for property tax transfer
property tax kaise calculate hota hai
hello HOW IS PROPERTY TAX CALCULATED
संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
hello self assessment form kaise bhare
hello property tax online payment kaise kare
kindly mera property tax account number kaise milega
sir what documents needed for property tax transfer
property tax kaise calculate hota hai
how is property tax calculated
sir संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
bhai property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
plz self assessment form kaise bhare
bhai PROPERTY TAX ONLINE PAYMENT KAISE KARE
sir MERA PROPERTY TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER KAISE MILEGA
WHAT DOCUMENTS NEEDED FOR PROPERTY TAX TRANSFER
property tax kaise calculate hota hai
bhai how is property tax calculated
hello संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
bhai PROPERTY TAX EXEMPTION KE LIYE KAUN ELIGIBLE HAI
SELF ASSESSMENT FORM KAISE BHARE
property tax online payment kaise kare
mera property tax account number kaise milega
WHAT DOCUMENTS NEEDED FOR PROPERTY TAX TRANSFER
plz property tax kaise calculate hota hai
how is property tax calculated
संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
plz PROPERTY TAX EXEMPTION KE LIYE KAUN ELIGIBLE HAI
kindly self assessment form kaise bhare
PROPERTY TAX ONLINE PAYMENT KAISE KARE
hello MERA PROPERTY TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER KAISE MILEGA
plz what documents needed for property tax transfer
bhai property tax kaise calculate hota hai
bhai how is property tax calculated
kindly संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
kindly self assessment form kaise bhare
property tax online payment kaise kare
MERA PROPERTY TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER KAISE MILEGA
kindly what documents needed for property tax transfer
bhai property tax kaise calculate hota hai
sir HOW IS PROPERTY TAX CALCULATED
sir संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
plz property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
plz SELF ASSESSMENT FORM KAISE BHARE
bhai PROPERTY TAX ONLINE PAYMENT KAISE KARE
plz MERA PROPERTY TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER KAISE MILEGA
kindly what documents needed for property tax transfer
hello property tax kaise calculate hota hai
plz how is property tax calculated
संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
plz self assessment form kaise bhare
property tax online payment kaise kare
mera property tax account number kaise milega
hello WHAT DOCUMENTS NEEDED FOR PROPERTY TAX TRANSFER
kindly property tax kaise calculate hota hai
sir how is property tax calculated
bhai संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
hello property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
plz self assessment form kaise bhare
plz property tax online payment kaise kare
sir mera property tax account number kaise milega
plz what documents needed for property tax transfer
sir property tax kaise calculate hota hai
hello how is property tax calculated
sir संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
plz property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
bhai self assessment form kaise bhare
kindly property tax online payment kaise kare
MERA PROPERTY TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER KAISE MILEGA
what documents needed for property tax transfer
property tax kaise calculate hota hai
plz how is property tax calculated
संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
hello SELF ASSESSMENT FORM KAISE BHARE
sir property tax online payment kaise kare
hello MERA PROPERTY TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER KAISE MILEGA
kindly what documents needed for property tax transfer
hello PROPERTY TAX KAISE CALCULATE HOTA HAI
plz how is property tax calculated
plz संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
sir PROPERTY TAX EXEMPTION KE LIYE KAUN ELIGIBLE HAI
bhai self assessment form kaise bhare
bhai property tax online payment kaise kare
plz mera property tax account number kaise milega
kindly WHAT DOCUMENTS NEEDED FOR PROPERTY TAX TRANSFER
kindly property tax kaise calculate hota hai
how is property tax calculated
संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
sir property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
SELF ASSESSMENT FORM KAISE BHARE
bhai property tax online payment kaise kare
plz mera property tax account number kaise milega
hello what documents needed for property tax transfer
property tax kaise calculate hota hai
HOW IS PROPERTY TAX CALCULATED
sir संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
hello property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
sir self assessment form kaise bhare
plz PROPERTY TAX ONLINE PAYMENT KAISE KARE
plz MERA PROPERTY TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER KAISE MILEGA
kindly what documents needed for property tax transfer
PROPERTY TAX KAISE CALCULATE HOTA HAI
bhai HOW IS PROPERTY TAX CALCULATED
संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
hello property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
sir SELF ASSESSMENT FORM KAISE BHARE
property tax online payment kaise kare
plz mera property tax account number kaise milega
WHAT DOCUMENTS NEEDED FOR PROPERTY TAX TRANSFER
sir property tax kaise calculate hota hai
sir how is property tax calculated
संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
PROPERTY TAX EXEMPTION KE LIYE KAUN ELIGIBLE HAI
SELF ASSESSMENT FORM KAISE BHARE
sir property tax online payment kaise kare
MERA PROPERTY TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER KAISE MILEGA
what documents needed for property tax transfer
hello property tax kaise calculate hota hai
HOW IS PROPERTY TAX CALCULATED
hello संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
kindly property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
bhai self assessment form kaise bhare
property tax online payment kaise kare
sir MERA PROPERTY TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER KAISE MILEGA
bhai WHAT DOCUMENTS NEEDED FOR PROPERTY TAX TRANSFER
hello property tax kaise calculate hota hai
plz how is property tax calculated
hello संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
plz PROPERTY TAX EXEMPTION KE LIYE KAUN ELIGIBLE HAI
hello SELF ASSESSMENT FORM KAISE BHARE
kindly property tax online payment kaise kare
MERA PROPERTY TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER KAISE MILEGA
WHAT DOCUMENTS NEEDED FOR PROPERTY TAX TRANSFER
sir PROPERTY TAX KAISE CALCULATE HOTA HAI
how is property tax calculated
संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
hello property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
sir SELF ASSESSMENT FORM KAISE BHARE
hello PROPERTY TAX ONLINE PAYMENT KAISE KARE
plz mera property tax account number kaise milega
WHAT DOCUMENTS NEEDED FOR PROPERTY TAX TRANSFER
hello PROPERTY TAX KAISE CALCULATE HOTA HAI
sir how is property tax calculated
plz संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
plz self assessment form kaise bhare
hello property tax online payment kaise kare
plz MERA PROPERTY TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER KAISE MILEGA
kindly what documents needed for property tax transfer
hello property tax kaise calculate hota hai
bhai HOW IS PROPERTY TAX CALCULATED
bhai संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
SELF ASSESSMENT FORM KAISE BHARE
sir PROPERTY TAX ONLINE PAYMENT KAISE KARE
mera property tax account number kaise milega
what documents needed for property tax transfer
sir property tax kaise calculate hota hai
sir how is property tax calculated
संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
bhai property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
self assessment form kaise bhare
PROPERTY TAX ONLINE PAYMENT KAISE KARE
hello MERA PROPERTY TAX ACCOUNT NUMBER KAISE MILEGA
what documents needed for property tax transfer
plz property tax kaise calculate hota hai
HOW IS PROPERTY TAX CALCULATED
संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
hello property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
bhai self assessment form kaise bhare
plz PROPERTY TAX ONLINE PAYMENT KAISE KARE
mera property tax account number kaise milega
plz WHAT DOCUMENTS NEEDED FOR PROPERTY TAX TRANSFER
bhai property tax kaise calculate hota hai
sir how is property tax calculated
संपत्ति कर की गणना कैसे होती है
property tax exemption ke liye kaun eligible hai
self assessment form kaise bhare
property tax online payment kaise kare
sir mera property tax account number kaise milega
sir what documents needed for property tax transfer
bhai BIRTH CERTIFICATE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
DOCUMENTS REQUIRED FOR BIRTH CERTIFICATE
hello जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
hello death certificate kaise apply kare
MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE PROCESS KYA HAI
birth certificate correction kaise kare
kindly how many days to get birth certificate
hello DEATH CERTIFICATE FEES KITNI HAI
bhai BIRTH CERTIFICATE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
sir documents required for birth certificate
plz जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
bhai DEATH CERTIFICATE KAISE APPLY KARE
MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE PROCESS KYA HAI
birth certificate correction kaise kare
plz HOW MANY DAYS TO GET BIRTH CERTIFICATE
sir death certificate fees kitni hai
kindly birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
documents required for birth certificate
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
kindly DEATH CERTIFICATE KAISE APPLY KARE
bhai MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE PROCESS KYA HAI
BIRTH CERTIFICATE CORRECTION KAISE KARE
plz how many days to get birth certificate
kindly death certificate fees kitni hai
plz birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
hello documents required for birth certificate
plz जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
death certificate kaise apply kare
marriage certificate process kya hai
sir birth certificate correction kaise kare
HOW MANY DAYS TO GET BIRTH CERTIFICATE
death certificate fees kitni hai
hello birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
sir documents required for birth certificate
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
DEATH CERTIFICATE KAISE APPLY KARE
bhai marriage certificate process kya hai
birth certificate correction kaise kare
HOW MANY DAYS TO GET BIRTH CERTIFICATE
DEATH CERTIFICATE FEES KITNI HAI
bhai birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
bhai documents required for birth certificate
hello जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
bhai DEATH CERTIFICATE KAISE APPLY KARE
hello MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE PROCESS KYA HAI
hello BIRTH CERTIFICATE CORRECTION KAISE KARE
kindly how many days to get birth certificate
DEATH CERTIFICATE FEES KITNI HAI
birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
documents required for birth certificate
plz जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
kindly death certificate kaise apply kare
marriage certificate process kya hai
plz birth certificate correction kaise kare
how many days to get birth certificate
DEATH CERTIFICATE FEES KITNI HAI
kindly birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
sir DOCUMENTS REQUIRED FOR BIRTH CERTIFICATE
plz जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
death certificate kaise apply kare
hello MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE PROCESS KYA HAI
bhai BIRTH CERTIFICATE CORRECTION KAISE KARE
kindly HOW MANY DAYS TO GET BIRTH CERTIFICATE
sir death certificate fees kitni hai
bhai BIRTH CERTIFICATE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
DOCUMENTS REQUIRED FOR BIRTH CERTIFICATE
plz जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
death certificate kaise apply kare
marriage certificate process kya hai
hello birth certificate correction kaise kare
sir HOW MANY DAYS TO GET BIRTH CERTIFICATE
plz death certificate fees kitni hai
bhai birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
hello documents required for birth certificate
kindly जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
plz DEATH CERTIFICATE KAISE APPLY KARE
marriage certificate process kya hai
BIRTH CERTIFICATE CORRECTION KAISE KARE
plz how many days to get birth certificate
death certificate fees kitni hai
kindly birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
kindly documents required for birth certificate
bhai जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
DEATH CERTIFICATE KAISE APPLY KARE
sir marriage certificate process kya hai
birth certificate correction kaise kare
kindly how many days to get birth certificate
hello death certificate fees kitni hai
bhai birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
hello DOCUMENTS REQUIRED FOR BIRTH CERTIFICATE
kindly जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
DEATH CERTIFICATE KAISE APPLY KARE
plz MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE PROCESS KYA HAI
plz BIRTH CERTIFICATE CORRECTION KAISE KARE
HOW MANY DAYS TO GET BIRTH CERTIFICATE
bhai death certificate fees kitni hai
birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
documents required for birth certificate
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
kindly death certificate kaise apply kare
sir marriage certificate process kya hai
bhai BIRTH CERTIFICATE CORRECTION KAISE KARE
HOW MANY DAYS TO GET BIRTH CERTIFICATE
sir death certificate fees kitni hai
BIRTH CERTIFICATE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
kindly documents required for birth certificate
kindly जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
plz death certificate kaise apply kare
marriage certificate process kya hai
birth certificate correction kaise kare
HOW MANY DAYS TO GET BIRTH CERTIFICATE
DEATH CERTIFICATE FEES KITNI HAI
bhai birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
kindly documents required for birth certificate
kindly जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
hello DEATH CERTIFICATE KAISE APPLY KARE
sir MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE PROCESS KYA HAI
birth certificate correction kaise kare
plz how many days to get birth certificate
death certificate fees kitni hai
kindly birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
DOCUMENTS REQUIRED FOR BIRTH CERTIFICATE
hello जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
DEATH CERTIFICATE KAISE APPLY KARE
marriage certificate process kya hai
kindly BIRTH CERTIFICATE CORRECTION KAISE KARE
plz HOW MANY DAYS TO GET BIRTH CERTIFICATE
hello death certificate fees kitni hai
BIRTH CERTIFICATE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
kindly documents required for birth certificate
kindly जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
hello DEATH CERTIFICATE KAISE APPLY KARE
plz marriage certificate process kya hai
BIRTH CERTIFICATE CORRECTION KAISE KARE
sir how many days to get birth certificate
hello death certificate fees kitni hai
bhai birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
DOCUMENTS REQUIRED FOR BIRTH CERTIFICATE
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
death certificate kaise apply kare
kindly marriage certificate process kya hai
plz birth certificate correction kaise kare
sir how many days to get birth certificate
DEATH CERTIFICATE FEES KITNI HAI
kindly BIRTH CERTIFICATE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
kindly documents required for birth certificate
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
bhai DEATH CERTIFICATE KAISE APPLY KARE
plz MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE PROCESS KYA HAI
birth certificate correction kaise kare
bhai how many days to get birth certificate
bhai death certificate fees kitni hai
birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
bhai DOCUMENTS REQUIRED FOR BIRTH CERTIFICATE
plz जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
hello death certificate kaise apply kare
bhai MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE PROCESS KYA HAI
bhai birth certificate correction kaise kare
plz HOW MANY DAYS TO GET BIRTH CERTIFICATE
plz DEATH CERTIFICATE FEES KITNI HAI
hello birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
plz documents required for birth certificate
bhai जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
sir DEATH CERTIFICATE KAISE APPLY KARE
marriage certificate process kya hai
sir BIRTH CERTIFICATE CORRECTION KAISE KARE
sir how many days to get birth certificate
death certificate fees kitni hai
birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
plz documents required for birth certificate
plz जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
sir death certificate kaise apply kare
bhai marriage certificate process kya hai
kindly birth certificate correction kaise kare
sir how many days to get birth certificate
bhai death certificate fees kitni hai
sir birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
bhai documents required for birth certificate
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
plz death certificate kaise apply kare
hello marriage certificate process kya hai
BIRTH CERTIFICATE CORRECTION KAISE KARE
plz how many days to get birth certificate
death certificate fees kitni hai
hello birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
bhai documents required for birth certificate
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
kindly death certificate kaise apply kare
marriage certificate process kya hai
hello birth certificate correction kaise kare
hello how many days to get birth certificate
DEATH CERTIFICATE FEES KITNI HAI
kindly BIRTH CERTIFICATE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
DOCUMENTS REQUIRED FOR BIRTH CERTIFICATE
kindly जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
death certificate kaise apply kare
MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE PROCESS KYA HAI
plz birth certificate correction kaise kare
how many days to get birth certificate
sir death certificate fees kitni hai
birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
kindly documents required for birth certificate
sir जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
kindly death certificate kaise apply kare
hello marriage certificate process kya hai
bhai birth certificate correction kaise kare
bhai HOW MANY DAYS TO GET BIRTH CERTIFICATE
hello death certificate fees kitni hai
plz birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
sir documents required for birth certificate
plz जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
death certificate kaise apply kare
marriage certificate process kya hai
BIRTH CERTIFICATE CORRECTION KAISE KARE
HOW MANY DAYS TO GET BIRTH CERTIFICATE
hello death certificate fees kitni hai
plz BIRTH CERTIFICATE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
sir DOCUMENTS REQUIRED FOR BIRTH CERTIFICATE
hello जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
bhai death certificate kaise apply kare
MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE PROCESS KYA HAI
hello birth certificate correction kaise kare
bhai HOW MANY DAYS TO GET BIRTH CERTIFICATE
hello death certificate fees kitni hai
kindly birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
plz DOCUMENTS REQUIRED FOR BIRTH CERTIFICATE
sir जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
sir DEATH CERTIFICATE KAISE APPLY KARE
plz marriage certificate process kya hai
birth certificate correction kaise kare
how many days to get birth certificate
kindly death certificate fees kitni hai
birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
bhai documents required for birth certificate
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
plz death certificate kaise apply kare
kindly MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE PROCESS KYA HAI
hello BIRTH CERTIFICATE CORRECTION KAISE KARE
sir how many days to get birth certificate
death certificate fees kitni hai
kindly birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
kindly DOCUMENTS REQUIRED FOR BIRTH CERTIFICATE
bhai जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
sir DEATH CERTIFICATE KAISE APPLY KARE
sir marriage certificate process kya hai
bhai birth certificate correction kaise kare
HOW MANY DAYS TO GET BIRTH CERTIFICATE
death certificate fees kitni hai
sir birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
DOCUMENTS REQUIRED FOR BIRTH CERTIFICATE
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
sir DEATH CERTIFICATE KAISE APPLY KARE
marriage certificate process kya hai
kindly birth certificate correction kaise kare
plz how many days to get birth certificate
death certificate fees kitni hai
birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
documents required for birth certificate
hello जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
death certificate kaise apply kare
kindly MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE PROCESS KYA HAI
birth certificate correction kaise kare
sir how many days to get birth certificate
bhai death certificate fees kitni hai
birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
sir documents required for birth certificate
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
sir death certificate kaise apply kare
bhai marriage certificate process kya hai
BIRTH CERTIFICATE CORRECTION KAISE KARE
hello how many days to get birth certificate
kindly DEATH CERTIFICATE FEES KITNI HAI
plz BIRTH CERTIFICATE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
sir documents required for birth certificate
bhai जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
bhai DEATH CERTIFICATE KAISE APPLY KARE
sir marriage certificate process kya hai
kindly birth certificate correction kaise kare
bhai how many days to get birth certificate
DEATH CERTIFICATE FEES KITNI HAI
kindly birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
sir documents required for birth certificate
sir जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
kindly death certificate kaise apply kare
bhai marriage certificate process kya hai
kindly birth certificate correction kaise kare
HOW MANY DAYS TO GET BIRTH CERTIFICATE
sir death certificate fees kitni hai
plz birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
DOCUMENTS REQUIRED FOR BIRTH CERTIFICATE
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
plz death certificate kaise apply kare
hello marriage certificate process kya hai
bhai birth certificate correction kaise kare
plz how many days to get birth certificate
plz DEATH CERTIFICATE FEES KITNI HAI
birth certificate ke liye kya documents chahiye
bhai documents required for birth certificate
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
bhai DEATH CERTIFICATE KAISE APPLY KARE
plz marriage certificate process kya hai
hello BIRTH CERTIFICATE CORRECTION KAISE KARE
HOW MANY DAYS TO GET BIRTH CERTIFICATE
kindly DEATH CERTIFICATE FEES KITNI HAI
BIRTH CERTIFICATE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
hello documents required for birth certificate
bhai जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
death certificate kaise apply kare
kindly MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE PROCESS KYA HAI
birth certificate correction kaise kare
plz HOW MANY DAYS TO GET BIRTH CERTIFICATE
sir DEATH CERTIFICATE FEES KITNI HAI
hello BIRTH CERTIFICATE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
documents required for birth certificate
bhai जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए क्या चाहिए
kindly death certificate kaise apply kare
bhai marriage certificate process kya hai
hello BIRTH CERTIFICATE CORRECTION KAISE KARE
hello HOW MANY DAYS TO GET BIRTH CERTIFICATE
death certificate fees kitni hai
hello building permission ke liye kya chahiye
ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
sir मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
hello completion certificate kaise milega
sir WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR OC CERTIFICATE
plz BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KITNE DIN LAGTA HAI
sir floor space index kya hota hai
set back rules kya hain
building permission ke liye kya chahiye
bhai GHAR BANANE KE LIYE KYA PERMISSION CHAHIYE
kindly मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
sir COMPLETION CERTIFICATE KAISE MILEGA
hello WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR OC CERTIFICATE
bhai BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KITNE DIN LAGTA HAI
bhai floor space index kya hota hai
sir SET BACK RULES KYA HAIN
sir building permission ke liye kya chahiye
hello ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
sir मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
COMPLETION CERTIFICATE KAISE MILEGA
plz WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR OC CERTIFICATE
bhai BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KITNE DIN LAGTA HAI
floor space index kya hota hai
SET BACK RULES KYA HAIN
sir building permission ke liye kya chahiye
sir ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
hello मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
hello completion certificate kaise milega
what is the process for OC certificate
sir building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
kindly floor space index kya hota hai
bhai set back rules kya hain
building permission ke liye kya chahiye
bhai ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
hello मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
COMPLETION CERTIFICATE KAISE MILEGA
WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR OC CERTIFICATE
hello building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
FLOOR SPACE INDEX KYA HOTA HAI
bhai set back rules kya hain
plz building permission ke liye kya chahiye
ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
sir मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
bhai COMPLETION CERTIFICATE KAISE MILEGA
what is the process for oc certificate
sir building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
kindly floor space index kya hota hai
kindly SET BACK RULES KYA HAIN
kindly building permission ke liye kya chahiye
bhai ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
sir मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
hello completion certificate kaise milega
what is the process for oc certificate
bhai building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
FLOOR SPACE INDEX KYA HOTA HAI
set back rules kya hain
hello building permission ke liye kya chahiye
GHAR BANANE KE LIYE KYA PERMISSION CHAHIYE
मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
COMPLETION CERTIFICATE KAISE MILEGA
plz what is the process for oc certificate
building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
floor space index kya hota hai
sir set back rules kya hain
kindly BUILDING PERMISSION KE LIYE KYA CHAHIYE
ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
plz मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
kindly COMPLETION CERTIFICATE KAISE MILEGA
what is the process for OC certificate
BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KITNE DIN LAGTA HAI
hello FLOOR SPACE INDEX KYA HOTA HAI
SET BACK RULES KYA HAIN
hello BUILDING PERMISSION KE LIYE KYA CHAHIYE
GHAR BANANE KE LIYE KYA PERMISSION CHAHIYE
kindly मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
completion certificate kaise milega
plz WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR OC CERTIFICATE
bhai BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KITNE DIN LAGTA HAI
bhai FLOOR SPACE INDEX KYA HOTA HAI
set back rules kya hain
bhai BUILDING PERMISSION KE LIYE KYA CHAHIYE
bhai ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
sir completion certificate kaise milega
what is the process for OC certificate
building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
FLOOR SPACE INDEX KYA HOTA HAI
plz set back rules kya hain
plz building permission ke liye kya chahiye
ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
hello मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
hello completion certificate kaise milega
WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR OC CERTIFICATE
building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
kindly floor space index kya hota hai
SET BACK RULES KYA HAIN
sir building permission ke liye kya chahiye
hello ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
kindly मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
sir completion certificate kaise milega
kindly WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR OC CERTIFICATE
building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
floor space index kya hota hai
plz SET BACK RULES KYA HAIN
building permission ke liye kya chahiye
ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
sir मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
bhai completion certificate kaise milega
what is the process for oc certificate
BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KITNE DIN LAGTA HAI
sir FLOOR SPACE INDEX KYA HOTA HAI
kindly SET BACK RULES KYA HAIN
sir BUILDING PERMISSION KE LIYE KYA CHAHIYE
bhai ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
kindly completion certificate kaise milega
sir what is the process for oc certificate
hello building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
floor space index kya hota hai
hello SET BACK RULES KYA HAIN
plz building permission ke liye kya chahiye
kindly ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
hello मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
kindly COMPLETION CERTIFICATE KAISE MILEGA
hello WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR OC CERTIFICATE
plz building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
bhai floor space index kya hota hai
sir set back rules kya hain
bhai building permission ke liye kya chahiye
bhai GHAR BANANE KE LIYE KYA PERMISSION CHAHIYE
plz मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
kindly COMPLETION CERTIFICATE KAISE MILEGA
WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR OC CERTIFICATE
plz BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KITNE DIN LAGTA HAI
FLOOR SPACE INDEX KYA HOTA HAI
set back rules kya hain
sir BUILDING PERMISSION KE LIYE KYA CHAHIYE
GHAR BANANE KE LIYE KYA PERMISSION CHAHIYE
kindly मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
bhai completion certificate kaise milega
what is the process for OC certificate
bhai BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KITNE DIN LAGTA HAI
floor space index kya hota hai
sir set back rules kya hain
BUILDING PERMISSION KE LIYE KYA CHAHIYE
ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
hello COMPLETION CERTIFICATE KAISE MILEGA
kindly WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR OC CERTIFICATE
plz BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KITNE DIN LAGTA HAI
floor space index kya hota hai
kindly set back rules kya hain
BUILDING PERMISSION KE LIYE KYA CHAHIYE
sir ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
sir मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
COMPLETION CERTIFICATE KAISE MILEGA
plz WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR OC CERTIFICATE
kindly BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KITNE DIN LAGTA HAI
plz floor space index kya hota hai
set back rules kya hain
sir BUILDING PERMISSION KE LIYE KYA CHAHIYE
kindly ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
sir COMPLETION CERTIFICATE KAISE MILEGA
what is the process for oc certificate
bhai BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KITNE DIN LAGTA HAI
hello FLOOR SPACE INDEX KYA HOTA HAI
SET BACK RULES KYA HAIN
sir building permission ke liye kya chahiye
sir ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
plz मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
completion certificate kaise milega
WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR OC CERTIFICATE
kindly building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
sir floor space index kya hota hai
set back rules kya hain
sir BUILDING PERMISSION KE LIYE KYA CHAHIYE
kindly ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
hello मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
COMPLETION CERTIFICATE KAISE MILEGA
bhai what is the process for OC certificate
bhai building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
floor space index kya hota hai
set back rules kya hain
bhai building permission ke liye kya chahiye
bhai ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
kindly मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
bhai completion certificate kaise milega
plz what is the process for oc certificate
bhai building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
plz floor space index kya hota hai
set back rules kya hain
hello building permission ke liye kya chahiye
bhai GHAR BANANE KE LIYE KYA PERMISSION CHAHIYE
hello मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
COMPLETION CERTIFICATE KAISE MILEGA
sir what is the process for OC certificate
building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
kindly FLOOR SPACE INDEX KYA HOTA HAI
set back rules kya hain
building permission ke liye kya chahiye
ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
hello मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
sir COMPLETION CERTIFICATE KAISE MILEGA
what is the process for OC certificate
building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
plz FLOOR SPACE INDEX KYA HOTA HAI
hello set back rules kya hain
plz BUILDING PERMISSION KE LIYE KYA CHAHIYE
ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
plz मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
completion certificate kaise milega
what is the process for OC certificate
plz building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
sir FLOOR SPACE INDEX KYA HOTA HAI
sir set back rules kya hain
hello building permission ke liye kya chahiye
ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
hello मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
completion certificate kaise milega
plz WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR OC CERTIFICATE
BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KITNE DIN LAGTA HAI
floor space index kya hota hai
set back rules kya hain
BUILDING PERMISSION KE LIYE KYA CHAHIYE
bhai ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
hello मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
sir completion certificate kaise milega
plz what is the process for OC certificate
plz BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KITNE DIN LAGTA HAI
FLOOR SPACE INDEX KYA HOTA HAI
set back rules kya hain
kindly BUILDING PERMISSION KE LIYE KYA CHAHIYE
ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
sir मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
plz completion certificate kaise milega
hello what is the process for OC certificate
building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
plz FLOOR SPACE INDEX KYA HOTA HAI
set back rules kya hain
kindly BUILDING PERMISSION KE LIYE KYA CHAHIYE
hello ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
kindly मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
plz completion certificate kaise milega
sir WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR OC CERTIFICATE
hello BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KITNE DIN LAGTA HAI
plz floor space index kya hota hai
set back rules kya hain
bhai building permission ke liye kya chahiye
ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
kindly COMPLETION CERTIFICATE KAISE MILEGA
hello what is the process for OC certificate
sir building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
floor space index kya hota hai
hello set back rules kya hain
sir BUILDING PERMISSION KE LIYE KYA CHAHIYE
bhai ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
hello COMPLETION CERTIFICATE KAISE MILEGA
hello WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR OC CERTIFICATE
BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KITNE DIN LAGTA HAI
sir floor space index kya hota hai
sir set back rules kya hain
BUILDING PERMISSION KE LIYE KYA CHAHIYE
hello GHAR BANANE KE LIYE KYA PERMISSION CHAHIYE
sir मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
completion certificate kaise milega
hello WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR OC CERTIFICATE
kindly BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KITNE DIN LAGTA HAI
plz floor space index kya hota hai
set back rules kya hain
plz building permission ke liye kya chahiye
ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
hello completion certificate kaise milega
plz what is the process for oc certificate
kindly building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
plz FLOOR SPACE INDEX KYA HOTA HAI
kindly set back rules kya hain
BUILDING PERMISSION KE LIYE KYA CHAHIYE
kindly ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
sir मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
bhai COMPLETION CERTIFICATE KAISE MILEGA
bhai what is the process for OC certificate
kindly building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
kindly floor space index kya hota hai
set back rules kya hain
plz building permission ke liye kya chahiye
GHAR BANANE KE LIYE KYA PERMISSION CHAHIYE
plz मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
bhai completion certificate kaise milega
kindly what is the process for oc certificate
plz building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
FLOOR SPACE INDEX KYA HOTA HAI
kindly SET BACK RULES KYA HAIN
building permission ke liye kya chahiye
ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
kindly मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
hello completion certificate kaise milega
hello WHAT IS THE PROCESS FOR OC CERTIFICATE
BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KITNE DIN LAGTA HAI
kindly floor space index kya hota hai
SET BACK RULES KYA HAIN
plz building permission ke liye kya chahiye
kindly ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
bhai मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
bhai COMPLETION CERTIFICATE KAISE MILEGA
what is the process for OC certificate
kindly BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KITNE DIN LAGTA HAI
sir FLOOR SPACE INDEX KYA HOTA HAI
hello set back rules kya hain
bhai building permission ke liye kya chahiye
ghar banane ke liye kya permission chahiye
मकान बनाने की अनुमति कैसे मिलती है
bhai completion certificate kaise milega
plz what is the process for OC certificate
plz building plan approval kitne din lagta hai
hello floor space index kya hota hai
plz set back rules kya hain
plz trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
kindly DUKAN KA LICENSE KAISE BANWAYE
hello व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
plz fire noc kaise milega
hello food license kaise apply kare
sir trade license renewal process kya hai
sir how long is trade license valid
sir TRADE LICENSE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
dukan ka license kaise banwaye
व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
fire noc kaise milega
food license kaise apply kare
kindly trade license renewal process kya hai
HOW LONG IS TRADE LICENSE VALID
plz TRADE LICENSE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
bhai DUKAN KA LICENSE KAISE BANWAYE
plz व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
plz FIRE NOC KAISE MILEGA
food license kaise apply kare
trade license renewal process kya hai
hello how long is trade license valid
bhai trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
DUKAN KA LICENSE KAISE BANWAYE
kindly व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
hello fire noc kaise milega
FOOD LICENSE KAISE APPLY KARE
bhai trade license renewal process kya hai
plz HOW LONG IS TRADE LICENSE VALID
kindly trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
dukan ka license kaise banwaye
व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
bhai FIRE NOC KAISE MILEGA
bhai food license kaise apply kare
plz trade license renewal process kya hai
how long is trade license valid
hello trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
dukan ka license kaise banwaye
व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
fire noc kaise milega
hello food license kaise apply kare
trade license renewal process kya hai
bhai how long is trade license valid
trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
dukan ka license kaise banwaye
bhai व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
bhai fire noc kaise milega
hello food license kaise apply kare
hello trade license renewal process kya hai
bhai how long is trade license valid
sir trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
dukan ka license kaise banwaye
sir व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
fire noc kaise milega
kindly FOOD LICENSE KAISE APPLY KARE
trade license renewal process kya hai
how long is trade license valid
trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
dukan ka license kaise banwaye
kindly व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
bhai fire noc kaise milega
sir FOOD LICENSE KAISE APPLY KARE
sir TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL PROCESS KYA HAI
sir how long is trade license valid
hello trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
hello dukan ka license kaise banwaye
व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
kindly fire noc kaise milega
food license kaise apply kare
hello TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL PROCESS KYA HAI
how long is trade license valid
bhai trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
bhai dukan ka license kaise banwaye
sir व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
bhai FIRE NOC KAISE MILEGA
kindly FOOD LICENSE KAISE APPLY KARE
hello TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL PROCESS KYA HAI
how long is trade license valid
plz trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
dukan ka license kaise banwaye
व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
bhai fire noc kaise milega
food license kaise apply kare
plz TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL PROCESS KYA HAI
how long is trade license valid
TRADE LICENSE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
kindly dukan ka license kaise banwaye
व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
kindly fire noc kaise milega
food license kaise apply kare
plz TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL PROCESS KYA HAI
hello how long is trade license valid
plz trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
sir dukan ka license kaise banwaye
व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
fire noc kaise milega
plz food license kaise apply kare
trade license renewal process kya hai
HOW LONG IS TRADE LICENSE VALID
TRADE LICENSE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
kindly dukan ka license kaise banwaye
व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
fire noc kaise milega
food license kaise apply kare
trade license renewal process kya hai
hello how long is trade license valid
bhai TRADE LICENSE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
dukan ka license kaise banwaye
bhai व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
fire noc kaise milega
food license kaise apply kare
kindly TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL PROCESS KYA HAI
how long is trade license valid
trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
dukan ka license kaise banwaye
kindly व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
fire noc kaise milega
FOOD LICENSE KAISE APPLY KARE
plz trade license renewal process kya hai
HOW LONG IS TRADE LICENSE VALID
hello TRADE LICENSE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
hello DUKAN KA LICENSE KAISE BANWAYE
plz व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
hello FIRE NOC KAISE MILEGA
food license kaise apply kare
trade license renewal process kya hai
bhai how long is trade license valid
plz TRADE LICENSE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
sir dukan ka license kaise banwaye
व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
FIRE NOC KAISE MILEGA
food license kaise apply kare
bhai trade license renewal process kya hai
hello how long is trade license valid
hello trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
kindly dukan ka license kaise banwaye
plz व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
bhai fire noc kaise milega
sir food license kaise apply kare
trade license renewal process kya hai
hello how long is trade license valid
bhai trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
kindly dukan ka license kaise banwaye
व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
bhai fire noc kaise milega
FOOD LICENSE KAISE APPLY KARE
kindly trade license renewal process kya hai
hello how long is trade license valid
hello trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
kindly dukan ka license kaise banwaye
व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
sir fire noc kaise milega
kindly food license kaise apply kare
TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL PROCESS KYA HAI
hello HOW LONG IS TRADE LICENSE VALID
hello trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
dukan ka license kaise banwaye
bhai व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
hello FIRE NOC KAISE MILEGA
FOOD LICENSE KAISE APPLY KARE
TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL PROCESS KYA HAI
bhai how long is trade license valid
plz trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
dukan ka license kaise banwaye
kindly व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
FIRE NOC KAISE MILEGA
plz food license kaise apply kare
bhai trade license renewal process kya hai
how long is trade license valid
trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
plz dukan ka license kaise banwaye
kindly व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
sir fire noc kaise milega
hello FOOD LICENSE KAISE APPLY KARE
TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL PROCESS KYA HAI
kindly how long is trade license valid
trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
bhai dukan ka license kaise banwaye
hello व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
FIRE NOC KAISE MILEGA
food license kaise apply kare
sir TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL PROCESS KYA HAI
HOW LONG IS TRADE LICENSE VALID
trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
hello dukan ka license kaise banwaye
व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
bhai FIRE NOC KAISE MILEGA
bhai food license kaise apply kare
trade license renewal process kya hai
hello how long is trade license valid
kindly TRADE LICENSE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
hello dukan ka license kaise banwaye
plz व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
sir fire noc kaise milega
food license kaise apply kare
trade license renewal process kya hai
kindly HOW LONG IS TRADE LICENSE VALID
trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
dukan ka license kaise banwaye
hello व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
fire noc kaise milega
sir food license kaise apply kare
trade license renewal process kya hai
bhai how long is trade license valid
bhai trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
kindly dukan ka license kaise banwaye
kindly व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
sir fire noc kaise milega
food license kaise apply kare
trade license renewal process kya hai
hello HOW LONG IS TRADE LICENSE VALID
bhai TRADE LICENSE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
kindly DUKAN KA LICENSE KAISE BANWAYE
hello व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
FIRE NOC KAISE MILEGA
FOOD LICENSE KAISE APPLY KARE
TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL PROCESS KYA HAI
bhai how long is trade license valid
bhai trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
DUKAN KA LICENSE KAISE BANWAYE
kindly व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
FIRE NOC KAISE MILEGA
FOOD LICENSE KAISE APPLY KARE
bhai TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL PROCESS KYA HAI
kindly how long is trade license valid
bhai trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
bhai dukan ka license kaise banwaye
व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
bhai fire noc kaise milega
bhai food license kaise apply kare
trade license renewal process kya hai
how long is trade license valid
trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
hello DUKAN KA LICENSE KAISE BANWAYE
sir व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
bhai fire noc kaise milega
sir food license kaise apply kare
bhai trade license renewal process kya hai
bhai how long is trade license valid
TRADE LICENSE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
plz dukan ka license kaise banwaye
plz व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
fire noc kaise milega
FOOD LICENSE KAISE APPLY KARE
TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL PROCESS KYA HAI
sir HOW LONG IS TRADE LICENSE VALID
hello TRADE LICENSE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
kindly dukan ka license kaise banwaye
व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
sir fire noc kaise milega
food license kaise apply kare
kindly trade license renewal process kya hai
how long is trade license valid
sir trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
dukan ka license kaise banwaye
sir व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
hello fire noc kaise milega
food license kaise apply kare
trade license renewal process kya hai
how long is trade license valid
kindly TRADE LICENSE KE LIYE KYA DOCUMENTS CHAHIYE
plz dukan ka license kaise banwaye
hello व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
fire noc kaise milega
sir FOOD LICENSE KAISE APPLY KARE
bhai trade license renewal process kya hai
bhai how long is trade license valid
trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
sir dukan ka license kaise banwaye
व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
FIRE NOC KAISE MILEGA
bhai food license kaise apply kare
plz TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL PROCESS KYA HAI
kindly HOW LONG IS TRADE LICENSE VALID
trade license ke liye kya documents chahiye
plz DUKAN KA LICENSE KAISE BANWAYE
व्यापार लाइसेंस के लिए क्या करें
FIRE NOC KAISE MILEGA
plz food license kaise apply kare
trade license renewal process kya hai
sir how long is trade license valid
plz GARBAGE COLLECTION TIMINGS KYA HAIN
KACHRA GAADI KAB AATI HAI
plz कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
plz how to report illegal dumping
wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
composting unit kaise lagwaye
kindly garbage collection timings kya hain
KACHRA GAADI KAB AATI HAI
kindly कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
hello HOW TO REPORT ILLEGAL DUMPING
wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
kindly COMPOSTING UNIT KAISE LAGWAYE
garbage collection timings kya hain
plz kachra gaadi kab aati hai
sir कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
hello how to report illegal dumping
bhai wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
kindly composting unit kaise lagwaye
kindly garbage collection timings kya hain
sir kachra gaadi kab aati hai
kindly कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
HOW TO REPORT ILLEGAL DUMPING
hello WET WASTE DRY WASTE SEPARATION KAISE KARE
sir composting unit kaise lagwaye
garbage collection timings kya hain
hello kachra gaadi kab aati hai
plz कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
how to report illegal dumping
sir wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
hello COMPOSTING UNIT KAISE LAGWAYE
plz garbage collection timings kya hain
kachra gaadi kab aati hai
hello कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
plz how to report illegal dumping
wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
composting unit kaise lagwaye
hello garbage collection timings kya hain
kachra gaadi kab aati hai
sir कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
bhai how to report illegal dumping
hello WET WASTE DRY WASTE SEPARATION KAISE KARE
composting unit kaise lagwaye
sir garbage collection timings kya hain
kachra gaadi kab aati hai
bhai कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
HOW TO REPORT ILLEGAL DUMPING
wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
plz COMPOSTING UNIT KAISE LAGWAYE
bhai garbage collection timings kya hain
hello kachra gaadi kab aati hai
sir कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
plz how to report illegal dumping
hello WET WASTE DRY WASTE SEPARATION KAISE KARE
hello COMPOSTING UNIT KAISE LAGWAYE
sir garbage collection timings kya hain
sir kachra gaadi kab aati hai
कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
how to report illegal dumping
bhai WET WASTE DRY WASTE SEPARATION KAISE KARE
kindly composting unit kaise lagwaye
kindly GARBAGE COLLECTION TIMINGS KYA HAIN
kachra gaadi kab aati hai
bhai कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
bhai how to report illegal dumping
bhai WET WASTE DRY WASTE SEPARATION KAISE KARE
composting unit kaise lagwaye
garbage collection timings kya hain
bhai kachra gaadi kab aati hai
sir कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
how to report illegal dumping
sir wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
composting unit kaise lagwaye
bhai garbage collection timings kya hain
hello kachra gaadi kab aati hai
कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
hello how to report illegal dumping
WET WASTE DRY WASTE SEPARATION KAISE KARE
composting unit kaise lagwaye
garbage collection timings kya hain
kindly kachra gaadi kab aati hai
कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
bhai how to report illegal dumping
WET WASTE DRY WASTE SEPARATION KAISE KARE
COMPOSTING UNIT KAISE LAGWAYE
plz garbage collection timings kya hain
kindly kachra gaadi kab aati hai
hello कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
how to report illegal dumping
wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
sir COMPOSTING UNIT KAISE LAGWAYE
hello garbage collection timings kya hain
hello KACHRA GAADI KAB AATI HAI
hello कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
how to report illegal dumping
bhai wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
composting unit kaise lagwaye
sir garbage collection timings kya hain
kachra gaadi kab aati hai
hello कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
HOW TO REPORT ILLEGAL DUMPING
plz WET WASTE DRY WASTE SEPARATION KAISE KARE
kindly composting unit kaise lagwaye
garbage collection timings kya hain
plz KACHRA GAADI KAB AATI HAI
कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
kindly how to report illegal dumping
wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
composting unit kaise lagwaye
garbage collection timings kya hain
plz kachra gaadi kab aati hai
kindly कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
sir how to report illegal dumping
wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
kindly composting unit kaise lagwaye
GARBAGE COLLECTION TIMINGS KYA HAIN
kindly kachra gaadi kab aati hai
kindly कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
sir how to report illegal dumping
sir wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
composting unit kaise lagwaye
kindly GARBAGE COLLECTION TIMINGS KYA HAIN
sir kachra gaadi kab aati hai
bhai कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
how to report illegal dumping
kindly wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
composting unit kaise lagwaye
garbage collection timings kya hain
bhai kachra gaadi kab aati hai
कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
plz how to report illegal dumping
wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
composting unit kaise lagwaye
GARBAGE COLLECTION TIMINGS KYA HAIN
sir KACHRA GAADI KAB AATI HAI
कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
kindly how to report illegal dumping
wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
sir COMPOSTING UNIT KAISE LAGWAYE
GARBAGE COLLECTION TIMINGS KYA HAIN
KACHRA GAADI KAB AATI HAI
sir कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
plz how to report illegal dumping
bhai wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
bhai composting unit kaise lagwaye
bhai GARBAGE COLLECTION TIMINGS KYA HAIN
sir KACHRA GAADI KAB AATI HAI
कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
bhai HOW TO REPORT ILLEGAL DUMPING
bhai wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
bhai composting unit kaise lagwaye
garbage collection timings kya hain
kachra gaadi kab aati hai
कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
kindly HOW TO REPORT ILLEGAL DUMPING
wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
kindly composting unit kaise lagwaye
bhai garbage collection timings kya hain
bhai KACHRA GAADI KAB AATI HAI
sir कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
bhai how to report illegal dumping
bhai WET WASTE DRY WASTE SEPARATION KAISE KARE
composting unit kaise lagwaye
GARBAGE COLLECTION TIMINGS KYA HAIN
plz kachra gaadi kab aati hai
bhai कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
how to report illegal dumping
plz wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
kindly COMPOSTING UNIT KAISE LAGWAYE
bhai garbage collection timings kya hain
plz kachra gaadi kab aati hai
sir कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
hello HOW TO REPORT ILLEGAL DUMPING
hello WET WASTE DRY WASTE SEPARATION KAISE KARE
kindly composting unit kaise lagwaye
garbage collection timings kya hain
kindly KACHRA GAADI KAB AATI HAI
कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
kindly how to report illegal dumping
wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
COMPOSTING UNIT KAISE LAGWAYE
garbage collection timings kya hain
kachra gaadi kab aati hai
कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
hello how to report illegal dumping
hello wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
sir COMPOSTING UNIT KAISE LAGWAYE
garbage collection timings kya hain
sir kachra gaadi kab aati hai
कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
HOW TO REPORT ILLEGAL DUMPING
sir wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
composting unit kaise lagwaye
plz garbage collection timings kya hain
KACHRA GAADI KAB AATI HAI
bhai कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
HOW TO REPORT ILLEGAL DUMPING
sir wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
bhai COMPOSTING UNIT KAISE LAGWAYE
sir garbage collection timings kya hain
KACHRA GAADI KAB AATI HAI
plz कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
sir HOW TO REPORT ILLEGAL DUMPING
bhai wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
composting unit kaise lagwaye
bhai GARBAGE COLLECTION TIMINGS KYA HAIN
kachra gaadi kab aati hai
bhai कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
how to report illegal dumping
wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
sir composting unit kaise lagwaye
hello garbage collection timings kya hain
hello kachra gaadi kab aati hai
hello कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
HOW TO REPORT ILLEGAL DUMPING
bhai wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
COMPOSTING UNIT KAISE LAGWAYE
bhai garbage collection timings kya hain
kachra gaadi kab aati hai
kindly कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
how to report illegal dumping
bhai WET WASTE DRY WASTE SEPARATION KAISE KARE
bhai composting unit kaise lagwaye
plz garbage collection timings kya hain
kachra gaadi kab aati hai
sir कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
how to report illegal dumping
bhai wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
hello COMPOSTING UNIT KAISE LAGWAYE
kindly garbage collection timings kya hain
hello KACHRA GAADI KAB AATI HAI
कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
kindly how to report illegal dumping
hello WET WASTE DRY WASTE SEPARATION KAISE KARE
composting unit kaise lagwaye
GARBAGE COLLECTION TIMINGS KYA HAIN
bhai KACHRA GAADI KAB AATI HAI
कचरा गाड़ी कब आती है
kindly HOW TO REPORT ILLEGAL DUMPING
kindly wet waste dry waste separation kaise kare
kindly COMPOSTING UNIT KAISE LAGWAYE
hello fogging ke liye kaise request kare
dengue test kahan hota hai
hello डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
bhai municipal hospital timings kya hain
plz health card kaise banwaye
kindly VACCINATION CAMP KAB HAI
plz fogging ke liye kaise request kare
dengue test kahan hota hai
plz डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
kindly municipal hospital timings kya hain
hello health card kaise banwaye
hello VACCINATION CAMP KAB HAI
fogging ke liye kaise request kare
bhai dengue test kahan hota hai
hello डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
bhai municipal hospital timings kya hain
sir health card kaise banwaye
bhai VACCINATION CAMP KAB HAI
hello fogging ke liye kaise request kare
kindly dengue test kahan hota hai
plz डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
municipal hospital timings kya hain
hello health card kaise banwaye
vaccination camp kab hai
bhai FOGGING KE LIYE KAISE REQUEST KARE
hello dengue test kahan hota hai
डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
plz MUNICIPAL HOSPITAL TIMINGS KYA HAIN
HEALTH CARD KAISE BANWAYE
vaccination camp kab hai
bhai fogging ke liye kaise request kare
dengue test kahan hota hai
hello डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
MUNICIPAL HOSPITAL TIMINGS KYA HAIN
bhai HEALTH CARD KAISE BANWAYE
sir vaccination camp kab hai
bhai fogging ke liye kaise request kare
sir DENGUE TEST KAHAN HOTA HAI
hello डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
plz municipal hospital timings kya hain
sir health card kaise banwaye
plz VACCINATION CAMP KAB HAI
plz fogging ke liye kaise request kare
dengue test kahan hota hai
डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
MUNICIPAL HOSPITAL TIMINGS KYA HAIN
HEALTH CARD KAISE BANWAYE
plz VACCINATION CAMP KAB HAI
fogging ke liye kaise request kare
dengue test kahan hota hai
plz डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
kindly MUNICIPAL HOSPITAL TIMINGS KYA HAIN
HEALTH CARD KAISE BANWAYE
kindly vaccination camp kab hai
FOGGING KE LIYE KAISE REQUEST KARE
sir DENGUE TEST KAHAN HOTA HAI
डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
bhai municipal hospital timings kya hain
kindly health card kaise banwaye
vaccination camp kab hai
fogging ke liye kaise request kare
sir dengue test kahan hota hai
kindly डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
sir municipal hospital timings kya hain
sir HEALTH CARD KAISE BANWAYE
hello vaccination camp kab hai
plz fogging ke liye kaise request kare
dengue test kahan hota hai
डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
municipal hospital timings kya hain
hello health card kaise banwaye
VACCINATION CAMP KAB HAI
bhai FOGGING KE LIYE KAISE REQUEST KARE
kindly dengue test kahan hota hai
hello डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
hello municipal hospital timings kya hain
plz HEALTH CARD KAISE BANWAYE
kindly VACCINATION CAMP KAB HAI
plz FOGGING KE LIYE KAISE REQUEST KARE
sir dengue test kahan hota hai
sir डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
kindly municipal hospital timings kya hain
bhai health card kaise banwaye
vaccination camp kab hai
FOGGING KE LIYE KAISE REQUEST KARE
plz dengue test kahan hota hai
kindly डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
kindly municipal hospital timings kya hain
plz HEALTH CARD KAISE BANWAYE
bhai VACCINATION CAMP KAB HAI
kindly fogging ke liye kaise request kare
plz dengue test kahan hota hai
डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
municipal hospital timings kya hain
health card kaise banwaye
sir vaccination camp kab hai
fogging ke liye kaise request kare
kindly dengue test kahan hota hai
डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
bhai municipal hospital timings kya hain
plz HEALTH CARD KAISE BANWAYE
sir vaccination camp kab hai
FOGGING KE LIYE KAISE REQUEST KARE
hello dengue test kahan hota hai
kindly डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
hello municipal hospital timings kya hain
health card kaise banwaye
sir vaccination camp kab hai
plz fogging ke liye kaise request kare
bhai dengue test kahan hota hai
डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
bhai MUNICIPAL HOSPITAL TIMINGS KYA HAIN
plz health card kaise banwaye
sir vaccination camp kab hai
sir fogging ke liye kaise request kare
hello DENGUE TEST KAHAN HOTA HAI
hello डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
kindly MUNICIPAL HOSPITAL TIMINGS KYA HAIN
sir HEALTH CARD KAISE BANWAYE
kindly vaccination camp kab hai
kindly FOGGING KE LIYE KAISE REQUEST KARE
plz dengue test kahan hota hai
डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
bhai municipal hospital timings kya hain
health card kaise banwaye
bhai VACCINATION CAMP KAB HAI
plz fogging ke liye kaise request kare
kindly dengue test kahan hota hai
डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
plz municipal hospital timings kya hain
hello health card kaise banwaye
bhai vaccination camp kab hai
FOGGING KE LIYE KAISE REQUEST KARE
hello dengue test kahan hota hai
डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
kindly municipal hospital timings kya hain
hello health card kaise banwaye
bhai vaccination camp kab hai
hello fogging ke liye kaise request kare
bhai dengue test kahan hota hai
डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
bhai municipal hospital timings kya hain
hello health card kaise banwaye
VACCINATION CAMP KAB HAI
fogging ke liye kaise request kare
hello dengue test kahan hota hai
hello डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
MUNICIPAL HOSPITAL TIMINGS KYA HAIN
kindly HEALTH CARD KAISE BANWAYE
vaccination camp kab hai
hello fogging ke liye kaise request kare
dengue test kahan hota hai
डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
municipal hospital timings kya hain
HEALTH CARD KAISE BANWAYE
plz vaccination camp kab hai
hello FOGGING KE LIYE KAISE REQUEST KARE
hello dengue test kahan hota hai
डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
sir MUNICIPAL HOSPITAL TIMINGS KYA HAIN
bhai health card kaise banwaye
bhai vaccination camp kab hai
fogging ke liye kaise request kare
DENGUE TEST KAHAN HOTA HAI
डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
sir municipal hospital timings kya hain
plz health card kaise banwaye
sir vaccination camp kab hai
plz FOGGING KE LIYE KAISE REQUEST KARE
dengue test kahan hota hai
sir डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
municipal hospital timings kya hain
bhai health card kaise banwaye
hello VACCINATION CAMP KAB HAI
sir fogging ke liye kaise request kare
sir dengue test kahan hota hai
डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
MUNICIPAL HOSPITAL TIMINGS KYA HAIN
sir health card kaise banwaye
VACCINATION CAMP KAB HAI
plz fogging ke liye kaise request kare
bhai DENGUE TEST KAHAN HOTA HAI
hello डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
bhai municipal hospital timings kya hain
sir health card kaise banwaye
vaccination camp kab hai
fogging ke liye kaise request kare
plz DENGUE TEST KAHAN HOTA HAI
bhai डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
kindly municipal hospital timings kya hain
health card kaise banwaye
kindly vaccination camp kab hai
kindly fogging ke liye kaise request kare
dengue test kahan hota hai
sir डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
kindly municipal hospital timings kya hain
sir health card kaise banwaye
vaccination camp kab hai
FOGGING KE LIYE KAISE REQUEST KARE
hello dengue test kahan hota hai
sir डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
MUNICIPAL HOSPITAL TIMINGS KYA HAIN
hello health card kaise banwaye
plz vaccination camp kab hai
hello fogging ke liye kaise request kare
hello dengue test kahan hota hai
bhai डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
MUNICIPAL HOSPITAL TIMINGS KYA HAIN
hello health card kaise banwaye
VACCINATION CAMP KAB HAI
fogging ke liye kaise request kare
kindly dengue test kahan hota hai
डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
kindly municipal hospital timings kya hain
hello health card kaise banwaye
sir vaccination camp kab hai
bhai fogging ke liye kaise request kare
bhai dengue test kahan hota hai
kindly डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
kindly MUNICIPAL HOSPITAL TIMINGS KYA HAIN
health card kaise banwaye
sir vaccination camp kab hai
fogging ke liye kaise request kare
bhai DENGUE TEST KAHAN HOTA HAI
plz डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
hello municipal hospital timings kya hain
kindly health card kaise banwaye
kindly VACCINATION CAMP KAB HAI
plz FOGGING KE LIYE KAISE REQUEST KARE
dengue test kahan hota hai
डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
sir municipal hospital timings kya hain
health card kaise banwaye
VACCINATION CAMP KAB HAI
fogging ke liye kaise request kare
hello dengue test kahan hota hai
sir डेंगू का टेस्ट कहाँ होता है
MUNICIPAL HOSPITAL TIMINGS KYA HAIN
hello health card kaise banwaye
kindly vaccination camp kab hai
hello meri complaint cmp2182 ka status kya hai
bhai complaint CMP5679 ka kya hua
sir my complaint CMP8004 still pending
plz I filed complaint CMP6356 1 week ago no update
sir APPLICATION MC93942 STATUS BATAO
kindly when will application mc54139 be processed
sir MERA APPLICATION MC52021 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
मेरी शिकायत cmp4317 का क्या हुआ
kindly application mc63652 ka status nahi pata
hello complaint number CMP8272 check karo please
kindly CMP6134 complaint registered but no action taken
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP7551 NOTHING HAPPENED
PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP8668
kab tak resolve hoga CMP4713
bhai water connection application MC38652 ka status
birth certificate application mc48718 ready hai kya
kindly MERI COMPLAINT CMP3401 KA STATUS KYA HAI
complaint CMP1542 ka kya hua
bhai my complaint cmp6794 still pending
i filed complaint cmp2588 1 week ago no update
bhai application MC10565 status batao
hello when will application mc20502 be processed
sir MERA APPLICATION MC98909 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
मेरी शिकायत CMP7546 का क्या हुआ
sir application mc77981 ka status nahi pata
bhai complaint number CMP5836 check karo please
kindly CMP1205 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
bhai 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP8311 NOTHING HAPPENED
PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP9978
sir KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP7828
plz WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC33281 KA STATUS
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC44207 READY HAI KYA
MERI COMPLAINT CMP6391 KA STATUS KYA HAI
plz complaint CMP9587 ka kya hua
kindly my complaint cmp6227 still pending
i filed complaint cmp6227 2 weeks ago no update
plz APPLICATION MC22145 STATUS BATAO
bhai WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC60585 BE PROCESSED
kindly MERA APPLICATION MC17261 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
plz मेरी शिकायत cmp7269 का क्या हुआ
plz application MC86767 ka status nahi pata
COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP4767 CHECK KARO PLEASE
cmp5836 complaint registered but no action taken
sir 2 weeks ago filed cmp6134 nothing happened
PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP5836
kindly KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP6038
plz WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC37864 KA STATUS
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC54408 READY HAI KYA
plz meri complaint CMP6038 ka status kya hai
kindly complaint CMP6356 ka kya hua
bhai my complaint CMP3401 still pending
kindly I filed complaint CMP9554 2 weeks ago no update
hello application mc98909 status batao
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC98785 BE PROCESSED
plz MERA APPLICATION MC42562 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
मेरी शिकायत CMP3742 का क्या हुआ
hello application mc21274 ka status nahi pata
sir complaint number cmp5256 check karo please
sir cmp5753 complaint registered but no action taken
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP8588 NOTHING HAPPENED
kindly please tell me status of CMP6227
kindly kab tak resolve hoga CMP4317
water connection application MC96581 ka status
kindly BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC75697 READY HAI KYA
MERI COMPLAINT CMP1894 KA STATUS KYA HAI
hello COMPLAINT CMP4476 KA KYA HUA
my complaint CMP1021 still pending
I filed complaint CMP8668 one month ago no update
plz APPLICATION MC62950 STATUS BATAO
kindly WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC24390 BE PROCESSED
kindly mera application mc54228 kahin khoya to nahi
hello मेरी शिकायत cmp6609 का क्या हुआ
application mc57517 ka status nahi pata
plz COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP7688 CHECK KARO PLEASE
cmp8122 complaint registered but no action taken
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP8145 NOTHING HAPPENED
plz please tell me status of CMP5511
KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP4401
hello WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC96273 KA STATUS
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC47711 READY HAI KYA
meri complaint cmp9712 ka status kya hai
sir complaint cmp3469 ka kya hua
my complaint CMP5171 still pending
I filed complaint CMP9732 1 week ago no update
application mc93894 status batao
sir when will application MC30895 be processed
bhai mera application mc77981 kahin khoya to nahi
plz मेरी शिकायत CMP7269 का क्या हुआ
application mc79893 ka status nahi pata
sir complaint number cmp2722 check karo please
hello CMP4178 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
kindly 2 weeks ago filed cmp2881 nothing happened
plz PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP2588
kab tak resolve hoga cmp6227
hello water connection application MC20637 ka status
hello BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC33071 READY HAI KYA
MERI COMPLAINT CMP5679 KA STATUS KYA HAI
kindly complaint cmp1470 ka kya hua
plz my complaint cmp5922 still pending
i filed complaint cmp9377 3 days ago no update
kindly application mc43582 status batao
kindly when will application mc98898 be processed
mera application mc65760 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत CMP9377 का क्या हुआ
sir APPLICATION MC62242 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
kindly complaint number CMP6982 check karo please
plz CMP2588 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
kindly 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP5285 NOTHING HAPPENED
sir please tell me status of cmp3639
KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP3944
sir WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC99693 KA STATUS
sir birth certificate application mc35489 ready hai kya
MERI COMPLAINT CMP6500 KA STATUS KYA HAI
complaint cmp9978 ka kya hua
hello my complaint cmp4786 still pending
bhai I filed complaint CMP5511 one month ago no update
hello APPLICATION MC20874 STATUS BATAO
plz WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC95637 BE PROCESSED
mera application mc64922 kahin khoya to nahi
hello मेरी शिकायत CMP2860 का क्या हुआ
plz application MC98785 ka status nahi pata
sir COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP6798 CHECK KARO PLEASE
kindly CMP2334 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
sir 2 weeks ago filed CMP7171 nothing happened
bhai please tell me status of CMP9710
plz kab tak resolve hoga CMP9400
water connection application mc74130 ka status
sir BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC90922 READY HAI KYA
meri complaint CMP6609 ka status kya hai
complaint CMP5098 ka kya hua
my complaint cmp8311 still pending
hello i filed complaint cmp6798 3 days ago no update
bhai APPLICATION MC22646 STATUS BATAO
bhai WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC80599 BE PROCESSED
plz MERA APPLICATION MC48718 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
bhai मेरी शिकायत CMP8055 का क्या हुआ
hello application MC50718 ka status nahi pata
bhai complaint number cmp8272 check karo please
kindly cmp5679 complaint registered but no action taken
2 weeks ago filed CMP2184 nothing happened
please tell me status of CMP1070
plz kab tak resolve hoga cmp1303
hello water connection application mc67678 ka status
birth certificate application MC75697 ready hai kya
kindly meri complaint CMP8272 ka status kya hai
sir complaint cmp7851 ka kya hua
kindly my complaint CMP1184 still pending
sir I FILED COMPLAINT CMP3401 3 DAYS AGO NO UPDATE
bhai application mc96273 status batao
sir when will application mc57409 be processed
mera application MC98912 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत cmp5753 का क्या हुआ
sir application mc70487 ka status nahi pata
bhai complaint number CMP5285 check karo please
bhai CMP9374 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
sir 2 weeks ago filed cmp3644 nothing happened
hello PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP4281
kindly KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP2003
water connection application mc62310 ka status
bhai BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC38652 READY HAI KYA
bhai meri complaint CMP9219 ka status kya hai
plz complaint cmp9240 ka kya hua
kindly my complaint cmp9068 still pending
hello i filed complaint cmp1747 3 days ago no update
application MC75697 status batao
kindly when will application MC38652 be processed
kindly mera application mc62772 kahin khoya to nahi
sir मेरी शिकायत CMP3230 का क्या हुआ
hello application mc27464 ka status nahi pata
COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP3686 CHECK KARO PLEASE
CMP4178 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
kindly 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP8534 NOTHING HAPPENED
hello please tell me status of CMP1470
sir kab tak resolve hoga CMP8272
kindly water connection application MC21348 ka status
kindly birth certificate application MC53214 ready hai kya
meri complaint cmp3602 ka status kya hai
bhai complaint CMP1566 ka kya hua
bhai my complaint CMP5731 still pending
kindly i filed complaint cmp6087 1 week ago no update
sir application mc33284 status batao
when will application MC63127 be processed
mera application mc96581 kahin khoya to nahi
hello मेरी शिकायत CMP5482 का क्या हुआ
application MC48718 ka status nahi pata
COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP7049 CHECK KARO PLEASE
CMP2313 complaint registered but no action taken
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP5323 NOTHING HAPPENED
please tell me status of cmp4476
kindly KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP1205
water connection application MC21508 ka status
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC88042 READY HAI KYA
plz meri complaint cmp7851 ka status kya hai
complaint CMP4761 ka kya hua
sir my complaint cmp6038 still pending
I filed complaint CMP2182 1 week ago no update
application mc54408 status batao
when will application MC62772 be processed
kindly mera application MC28830 kahin khoya to nahi
hello मेरी शिकायत cmp4363 का क्या हुआ
application MC99635 ka status nahi pata
complaint number CMP1064 check karo please
bhai CMP3944 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
2 weeks ago filed cmp1955 nothing happened
please tell me status of cmp2722
sir KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP6609
bhai water connection application MC51147 ka status
birth certificate application MC59670 ready hai kya
meri complaint cmp9710 ka status kya hai
COMPLAINT CMP8668 KA KYA HUA
MY COMPLAINT CMP6038 STILL PENDING
bhai I FILED COMPLAINT CMP9554 2 WEEKS AGO NO UPDATE
plz application MC83526 status batao
plz when will application mc20874 be processed
sir mera application mc38652 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत CMP1894 का क्या हुआ
application mc52021 ka status nahi pata
plz COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP3815 CHECK KARO PLEASE
plz CMP9135 complaint registered but no action taken
2 weeks ago filed CMP6227 nothing happened
plz please tell me status of cmp1747
kab tak resolve hoga CMP5434
plz water connection application mc48126 ka status
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC42562 READY HAI KYA
MERI COMPLAINT CMP4247 KA STATUS KYA HAI
bhai complaint CMP5434 ka kya hua
hello my complaint cmp5338 still pending
plz i filed complaint cmp5469 1 week ago no update
APPLICATION MC79574 STATUS BATAO
bhai when will application mc43663 be processed
hello MERA APPLICATION MC98912 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
plz मेरी शिकायत CMP3822 का क्या हुआ
plz application MC70647 ka status nahi pata
kindly complaint number CMP6572 check karo please
cmp5285 complaint registered but no action taken
2 weeks ago filed CMP4925 nothing happened
plz please tell me status of CMP3230
sir kab tak resolve hoga CMP2919
water connection application mc66481 ka status
hello birth certificate application MC99635 ready hai kya
MERI COMPLAINT CMP6982 KA STATUS KYA HAI
sir complaint CMP9978 ka kya hua
plz my complaint CMP9934 still pending
hello i filed complaint cmp1052 3 days ago no update
application mc90375 status batao
when will application MC32824 be processed
sir MERA APPLICATION MC75954 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
bhai मेरी शिकायत cmp4856 का क्या हुआ
plz APPLICATION MC98785 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
bhai COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP1542 CHECK KARO PLEASE
bhai CMP4401 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
2 weeks ago filed cmp2840 nothing happened
sir please tell me status of cmp1782
hello kab tak resolve hoga CMP3230
bhai water connection application mc99759 ka status
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC28830 READY HAI KYA
sir meri complaint CMP4476 ka status kya hai
plz complaint cmp1303 ka kya hua
my complaint CMP2722 still pending
bhai I FILED COMPLAINT CMP2417 ONE MONTH AGO NO UPDATE
application mc68192 status batao
plz when will application mc43761 be processed
bhai mera application mc26561 kahin khoya to nahi
hello मेरी शिकायत cmp8668 का क्या हुआ
hello APPLICATION MC91089 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
complaint number CMP9377 check karo please
CMP7528 complaint registered but no action taken
2 weeks ago filed CMP6609 nothing happened
bhai please tell me status of cmp1894
plz kab tak resolve hoga cmp4732
water connection application mc27160 ka status
hello birth certificate application MC60870 ready hai kya
meri complaint CMP8316 ka status kya hai
bhai complaint CMP5323 ka kya hua
my complaint CMP3469 still pending
I filed complaint CMP2334 1 week ago no update
bhai application MC56861 status batao
kindly WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC62351 BE PROCESSED
mera application mc96546 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत CMP3602 का क्या हुआ
application MC92839 ka status nahi pata
sir complaint number CMP5679 check karo please
plz cmp7656 complaint registered but no action taken
hello 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP4961 NOTHING HAPPENED
please tell me status of cmp8276
kab tak resolve hoga cmp3597
sir water connection application MC11461 ka status
hello birth certificate application mc89203 ready hai kya
kindly MERI COMPLAINT CMP9400 KA STATUS KYA HAI
plz complaint CMP9710 ka kya hua
plz my complaint CMP2238 still pending
I FILED COMPLAINT CMP7551 ONE MONTH AGO NO UPDATE
sir application MC25560 status batao
hello when will application MC32824 be processed
mera application MC27801 kahin khoya to nahi
hello मेरी शिकायत CMP9393 का क्या हुआ
APPLICATION MC51825 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
complaint number CMP1205 check karo please
CMP6038 complaint registered but no action taken
bhai 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP1184 NOTHING HAPPENED
please tell me status of CMP4317
sir kab tak resolve hoga CMP3713
water connection application MC51825 ka status
birth certificate application mc67425 ready hai kya
sir MERI COMPLAINT CMP5731 KA STATUS KYA HAI
COMPLAINT CMP4247 KA KYA HUA
hello MY COMPLAINT CMP1337 STILL PENDING
kindly I FILED COMPLAINT CMP9571 2 WEEKS AGO NO UPDATE
plz APPLICATION MC62772 STATUS BATAO
sir WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC65760 BE PROCESSED
sir MERA APPLICATION MC33753 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
मेरी शिकायत cmp8004 का क्या हुआ
application mc79893 ka status nahi pata
bhai complaint number CMP9571 check karo please
sir CMP8940 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
2 weeks ago filed cmp1470 nothing happened
hello please tell me status of cmp7373
hello kab tak resolve hoga cmp9219
WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC33462 KA STATUS
kindly birth certificate application mc96546 ready hai kya
hello MERI COMPLAINT CMP8272 KA STATUS KYA HAI
hello complaint CMP3776 ka kya hua
my complaint cmp4713 still pending
i filed complaint cmp7049 2 weeks ago no update
bhai APPLICATION MC63127 STATUS BATAO
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC33435 BE PROCESSED
plz mera application MC90375 kahin khoya to nahi
plz मेरी शिकायत CMP1059 का क्या हुआ
bhai application MC98898 ka status nahi pata
bhai complaint number cmp1059 check karo please
cmp6572 complaint registered but no action taken
kindly 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP7174 NOTHING HAPPENED
bhai PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP6087
bhai KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP4009
plz WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC50607 KA STATUS
birth certificate application MC42562 ready hai kya
meri complaint cmp4009 ka status kya hai
COMPLAINT CMP5171 KA KYA HUA
kindly my complaint CMP4401 still pending
bhai i filed complaint cmp4088 1 week ago no update
kindly application MC86767 status batao
bhai when will application MC97532 be processed
plz mera application mc67678 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत cmp3174 का क्या हुआ
plz application MC72409 ka status nahi pata
complaint number cmp3230 check karo please
bhai CMP8850 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
hello 2 weeks ago filed CMP6037 nothing happened
PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP4317
kab tak resolve hoga cmp2157
kindly water connection application mc28830 ka status
bhai birth certificate application MC47711 ready hai kya
sir meri complaint cmp1523 ka status kya hai
complaint CMP6798 ka kya hua
my complaint CMP5710 still pending
plz I FILED COMPLAINT CMP3844 ONE MONTH AGO NO UPDATE
sir application mc27801 status batao
sir when will application MC98381 be processed
bhai MERA APPLICATION MC40174 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
मेरी शिकायत cmp9068 का क्या हुआ
application MC84306 ka status nahi pata
plz complaint number cmp1196 check karo please
plz CMP7049 complaint registered but no action taken
2 weeks ago filed CMP4961 nothing happened
plz PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP4761
hello kab tak resolve hoga CMP5910
water connection application mc98909 ka status
sir birth certificate application mc33753 ready hai kya
sir meri complaint CMP5910 ka status kya hai
bhai complaint cmp3059 ka kya hua
MY COMPLAINT CMP8273 STILL PENDING
bhai i filed complaint cmp8145 one month ago no update
hello APPLICATION MC68192 STATUS BATAO
hello when will application MC36707 be processed
hello mera application MC67896 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत CMP7866 का क्या हुआ
plz APPLICATION MC70566 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
bhai complaint number cmp3944 check karo please
kindly CMP8055 complaint registered but no action taken
kindly 2 weeks ago filed cmp8145 nothing happened
kindly please tell me status of cmp8668
bhai kab tak resolve hoga cmp6199
sir water connection application mc44207 ka status
bhai BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC63723 READY HAI KYA
meri complaint cmp6798 ka status kya hai
sir COMPLAINT CMP6037 KA KYA HUA
sir my complaint cmp1052 still pending
plz i filed complaint cmp1070 2 weeks ago no update
bhai application MC99439 status batao
when will application MC33281 be processed
MERA APPLICATION MC33462 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
kindly मेरी शिकायत cmp7213 का क्या हुआ
application mc60585 ka status nahi pata
hello complaint number CMP2184 check karo please
CMP7656 complaint registered but no action taken
sir 2 weeks ago filed cmp3713 nothing happened
kindly please tell me status of cmp4310
bhai KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP2588
bhai water connection application mc68192 ka status
birth certificate application MC68192 ready hai kya
bhai meri complaint cmp3684 ka status kya hai
plz complaint CMP5731 ka kya hua
bhai my complaint cmp7466 still pending
kindly I FILED COMPLAINT CMP7496 3 DAYS AGO NO UPDATE
application MC28731 status batao
bhai WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC79893 BE PROCESSED
plz mera application MC70566 kahin khoya to nahi
plz मेरी शिकायत CMP5679 का क्या हुआ
APPLICATION MC48846 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP9400 CHECK KARO PLEASE
sir CMP4476 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
sir 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP3174 NOTHING HAPPENED
sir please tell me status of cmp3243
sir KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP7174
water connection application MC34373 ka status
bhai BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC98912 READY HAI KYA
meri complaint CMP2881 ka status kya hai
complaint cmp8122 ka kya hua
my complaint CMP9240 still pending
kindly i filed complaint cmp1583 3 days ago no update
application mc42918 status batao
when will application MC26926 be processed
kindly mera application MC97532 kahin khoya to nahi
kindly मेरी शिकायत cmp1942 का क्या हुआ
APPLICATION MC38353 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
plz COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP5731 CHECK KARO PLEASE
bhai cmp4002 complaint registered but no action taken
hello 2 weeks ago filed cmp7485 nothing happened
kindly PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP9587
hello kab tak resolve hoga cmp1052
plz WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC39628 KA STATUS
kindly birth certificate application MC72092 ready hai kya
plz meri complaint CMP5285 ka status kya hai
kindly complaint CMP4178 ka kya hua
bhai my complaint CMP2919 still pending
kindly I filed complaint CMP5323 2 weeks ago no update
sir application mc22145 status batao
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC21348 BE PROCESSED
bhai mera application mc67678 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत CMP9700 का क्या हुआ
APPLICATION MC19132 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
complaint number CMP5434 check karo please
hello cmp4822 complaint registered but no action taken
bhai 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP1021 NOTHING HAPPENED
hello please tell me status of CMP8534
kab tak resolve hoga CMP5922
hello water connection application MC54151 ka status
birth certificate application MC97396 ready hai kya
hello meri complaint CMP3025 ka status kya hai
kindly complaint cmp2212 ka kya hua
bhai my complaint CMP5679 still pending
I filed complaint CMP5482 one month ago no update
sir APPLICATION MC58624 STATUS BATAO
sir WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC33281 BE PROCESSED
plz mera application mc70647 kahin khoya to nahi
kindly मेरी शिकायत CMP1021 का क्या हुआ
application mc38288 ka status nahi pata
complaint number CMP9571 check karo please
kindly cmp4310 complaint registered but no action taken
sir 2 weeks ago filed CMP8193 nothing happened
please tell me status of CMP1660
bhai KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP9571
WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC29072 KA STATUS
plz birth certificate application mc68061 ready hai kya
meri complaint cmp8055 ka status kya hai
bhai complaint cmp4310 ka kya hua
MY COMPLAINT CMP2238 STILL PENDING
plz i filed complaint cmp3602 1 week ago no update
bhai application MC87123 status batao
when will application MC32824 be processed
mera application MC62961 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत CMP6572 का क्या हुआ
APPLICATION MC35907 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP5836 CHECK KARO PLEASE
sir CMP7829 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
plz 2 weeks ago filed CMP2157 nothing happened
kindly please tell me status of CMP4401
kindly kab tak resolve hoga cmp7496
water connection application MC51825 ka status
plz BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC47711 READY HAI KYA
meri complaint cmp9540 ka status kya hai
complaint CMP5679 ka kya hua
MY COMPLAINT CMP7829 STILL PENDING
bhai I filed complaint CMP4363 1 week ago no update
sir APPLICATION MC26926 STATUS BATAO
sir when will application MC65265 be processed
plz mera application mc51468 kahin khoya to nahi
kindly मेरी शिकायत CMP1592 का क्या हुआ
kindly APPLICATION MC67896 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
bhai complaint number CMP5469 check karo please
bhai CMP5679 complaint registered but no action taken
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP5256 NOTHING HAPPENED
PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP3815
kindly kab tak resolve hoga cmp6481
hello water connection application MC21775 ka status
sir birth certificate application MC48846 ready hai kya
sir meri complaint CMP7373 ka status kya hai
COMPLAINT CMP4786 KA KYA HUA
my complaint CMP8122 still pending
bhai I filed complaint CMP2881 one month ago no update
kindly application mc91089 status batao
sir WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC33071 BE PROCESSED
hello MERA APPLICATION MC54228 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
kindly मेरी शिकायत CMP5256 का क्या हुआ
sir application mc27464 ka status nahi pata
kindly complaint number CMP2840 check karo please
bhai CMP8804 complaint registered but no action taken
bhai 2 weeks ago filed cmp7269 nothing happened
plz please tell me status of CMP9764
bhai KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP8145
kindly water connection application MC14927 ka status
birth certificate application MC33284 ready hai kya
sir meri complaint cmp6391 ka status kya hai
COMPLAINT CMP7113 KA KYA HUA
plz my complaint cmp5511 still pending
I FILED COMPLAINT CMP5513 1 WEEK AGO NO UPDATE
sir APPLICATION MC19488 STATUS BATAO
bhai when will application mc36144 be processed
hello mera application MC80599 kahin khoya to nahi
sir मेरी शिकायत CMP3460 का क्या हुआ
kindly application MC62351 ka status nahi pata
bhai complaint number CMP4786 check karo please
sir cmp3639 complaint registered but no action taken
bhai 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP4856 NOTHING HAPPENED
plz please tell me status of CMP9393
KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP1660
WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC27160 KA STATUS
kindly birth certificate application mc14857 ready hai kya
meri complaint CMP1778 ka status kya hai
COMPLAINT CMP4761 KA KYA HUA
my complaint CMP8273 still pending
kindly i filed complaint cmp6794 1 week ago no update
bhai application MC71477 status batao
plz WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC63652 BE PROCESSED
hello MERA APPLICATION MC21274 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
मेरी शिकायत cmp7843 का क्या हुआ
application MC98785 ka status nahi pata
bhai COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP1064 CHECK KARO PLEASE
bhai cmp7528 complaint registered but no action taken
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP4317 NOTHING HAPPENED
PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP7373
sir kab tak resolve hoga cmp3815
hello WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC98909 KA STATUS
hello BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC16726 READY HAI KYA
hello MERI COMPLAINT CMP8272 KA STATUS KYA HAI
bhai COMPLAINT CMP5338 KA KYA HUA
sir MY COMPLAINT CMP4925 STILL PENDING
bhai I filed complaint CMP3727 2 weeks ago no update
APPLICATION MC89696 STATUS BATAO
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC27464 BE PROCESSED
bhai MERA APPLICATION MC47711 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
मेरी शिकायत CMP8276 का क्या हुआ
bhai application mc33462 ka status nahi pata
sir COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP2640 CHECK KARO PLEASE
cmp9934 complaint registered but no action taken
sir 2 weeks ago filed cmp8145 nothing happened
sir please tell me status of cmp8668
kindly kab tak resolve hoga cmp7656
bhai water connection application mc88042 ka status
birth certificate application mc95637 ready hai kya
plz meri complaint cmp4088 ka status kya hai
bhai complaint cmp4476 ka kya hua
sir my complaint cmp5511 still pending
I filed complaint CMP6982 one month ago no update
hello application MC59410 status batao
sir WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC98912 BE PROCESSED
mera application mc43763 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत CMP8850 का क्या हुआ
bhai APPLICATION MC62772 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
complaint number CMP3460 check karo please
bhai cmp4732 complaint registered but no action taken
hello 2 weeks ago filed cmp6087 nothing happened
sir please tell me status of CMP2184
KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP4310
sir water connection application mc97433 ka status
hello BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC64619 READY HAI KYA
kindly meri complaint CMP8193 ka status kya hai
plz COMPLAINT CMP1523 KA KYA HUA
bhai MY COMPLAINT CMP1303 STILL PENDING
plz I filed complaint CMP1333 1 week ago no update
bhai APPLICATION MC79299 STATUS BATAO
bhai WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC27801 BE PROCESSED
plz mera application MC75954 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत cmp1865 का क्या हुआ
bhai APPLICATION MC36318 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
hello complaint number cmp1778 check karo please
hello CMP9374 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
2 weeks ago filed CMP5845 nothing happened
sir please tell me status of CMP5679
kab tak resolve hoga CMP1782
sir water connection application MC21775 ka status
bhai birth certificate application MC75697 ready hai kya
MERI COMPLAINT CMP8534 KA STATUS KYA HAI
COMPLAINT CMP2417 KA KYA HUA
plz MY COMPLAINT CMP9700 STILL PENDING
I FILED COMPLAINT CMP2840 3 DAYS AGO NO UPDATE
sir APPLICATION MC26926 STATUS BATAO
kindly WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC80599 BE PROCESSED
bhai mera application mc48793 kahin khoya to nahi
sir मेरी शिकायत CMP3742 का क्या हुआ
application MC99635 ka status nahi pata
kindly complaint number cmp8122 check karo please
CMP2588 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
bhai 2 weeks ago filed cmp4713 nothing happened
hello please tell me status of cmp5753
kindly KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP6481
water connection application MC57517 ka status
sir birth certificate application mc16726 ready hai kya
meri complaint cmp1021 ka status kya hai
plz COMPLAINT CMP1337 KA KYA HUA
bhai my complaint cmp1894 still pending
plz i filed complaint cmp3930 2 weeks ago no update
APPLICATION MC35962 STATUS BATAO
bhai WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC43763 BE PROCESSED
sir MERA APPLICATION MC53214 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
plz मेरी शिकायत CMP2820 का क्या हुआ
plz application mc22145 ka status nahi pata
bhai complaint number cmp5256 check karo please
CMP1782 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
plz 2 weeks ago filed CMP8276 nothing happened
sir PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP4476
KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP9732
plz WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC98909 KA STATUS
kindly birth certificate application MC79893 ready hai kya
kindly MERI COMPLAINT CMP9377 KA STATUS KYA HAI
hello complaint CMP9095 ka kya hua
MY COMPLAINT CMP1592 STILL PENDING
hello I filed complaint CMP1942 2 weeks ago no update
application mc23860 status batao
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC60209 BE PROCESSED
sir MERA APPLICATION MC32824 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
kindly मेरी शिकायत CMP3776 का क्या हुआ
bhai application mc10742 ka status nahi pata
complaint number CMP4317 check karo please
plz CMP5482 complaint registered but no action taken
bhai 2 weeks ago filed cmp1052 nothing happened
please tell me status of CMP9095
KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP7851
hello WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC21508 KA STATUS
bhai birth certificate application mc20502 ready hai kya
meri complaint CMP3104 ka status kya hai
bhai complaint CMP3742 ka kya hua
MY COMPLAINT CMP7171 STILL PENDING
i filed complaint cmp7113 2 weeks ago no update
application MC20637 status batao
sir when will application MC14927 be processed
sir mera application MC88042 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत CMP5710 का क्या हुआ
APPLICATION MC10742 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP4178 CHECK KARO PLEASE
cmp2184 complaint registered but no action taken
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP7656 NOTHING HAPPENED
plz please tell me status of CMP7373
KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP6038
sir water connection application mc35907 ka status
hello BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC48846 READY HAI KYA
kindly meri complaint cmp3104 ka status kya hai
hello COMPLAINT CMP7656 KA KYA HUA
sir my complaint CMP4247 still pending
kindly I filed complaint CMP1333 3 days ago no update
sir application mc44207 status batao
sir when will application MC54228 be processed
bhai mera application MC23860 kahin khoya to nahi
plz मेरी शिकायत CMP2224 का क्या हुआ
APPLICATION MC98898 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
bhai complaint number cmp9712 check karo please
bhai CMP3930 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
sir 2 weeks ago filed CMP9978 nothing happened
plz please tell me status of cmp6356
kab tak resolve hoga cmp6037
WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC95637 KA STATUS
hello BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC51825 READY HAI KYA
meri complaint CMP1021 ka status kya hai
sir COMPLAINT CMP4961 KA KYA HUA
plz MY COMPLAINT CMP1592 STILL PENDING
I FILED COMPLAINT CMP1942 ONE MONTH AGO NO UPDATE
APPLICATION MC35907 STATUS BATAO
bhai when will application mc83526 be processed
kindly mera application MC36224 kahin khoya to nahi
sir मेरी शिकायत cmp7656 का क्या हुआ
application mc67425 ka status nahi pata
kindly complaint number cmp3742 check karo please
sir cmp4401 complaint registered but no action taken
sir 2 weeks ago filed cmp4080 nothing happened
please tell me status of CMP3644
kab tak resolve hoga CMP7269
water connection application mc70487 ka status
kindly birth certificate application MC50718 ready hai kya
MERI COMPLAINT CMP4401 KA STATUS KYA HAI
plz COMPLAINT CMP5836 KA KYA HUA
kindly MY COMPLAINT CMP2640 STILL PENDING
bhai I filed complaint CMP6227 2 weeks ago no update
application mc20874 status batao
when will application mc48793 be processed
kindly mera application MC26926 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत CMP8850 का क्या हुआ
application mc35333 ka status nahi pata
bhai COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP4476 CHECK KARO PLEASE
hello cmp1523 complaint registered but no action taken
plz 2 weeks ago filed CMP8804 nothing happened
please tell me status of cmp6087
kab tak resolve hoga CMP3469
hello water connection application mc19132 ka status
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC65732 READY HAI KYA
hello meri complaint cmp8940 ka status kya hai
kindly complaint cmp3728 ka kya hua
my complaint cmp7829 still pending
I FILED COMPLAINT CMP1070 1 WEEK AGO NO UPDATE
sir application mc91089 status batao
bhai when will application MC75948 be processed
hello mera application mc21274 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत CMP9219 का क्या हुआ
sir APPLICATION MC92839 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
kindly complaint number cmp6795 check karo please
sir CMP3815 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
kindly 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP6609 NOTHING HAPPENED
bhai please tell me status of cmp3639
hello kab tak resolve hoga CMP1303
plz WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC14857 KA STATUS
bhai birth certificate application MC51147 ready hai kya
meri complaint cmp4281 ka status kya hai
complaint CMP6895 ka kya hua
bhai MY COMPLAINT CMP6402 STILL PENDING
kindly I FILED COMPLAINT CMP2313 1 WEEK AGO NO UPDATE
application MC90922 status batao
when will application mc63723 be processed
mera application MC88599 kahin khoya to nahi
bhai मेरी शिकायत CMP8145 का क्या हुआ
bhai application MC40180 ka status nahi pata
complaint number CMP5338 check karo please
hello CMP1303 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
2 weeks ago filed cmp1782 nothing happened
plz PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP7688
plz KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP7171
sir water connection application MC37864 ka status
sir birth certificate application mc50607 ready hai kya
hello MERI COMPLAINT CMP2157 KA STATUS KYA HAI
bhai complaint CMP7843 ka kya hua
my complaint CMP1021 still pending
plz I FILED COMPLAINT CMP5731 1 WEEK AGO NO UPDATE
plz application MC42918 status batao
when will application MC95637 be processed
hello MERA APPLICATION MC21508 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
मेरी शिकायत cmp4761 का क्या हुआ
APPLICATION MC48846 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
bhai complaint number CMP9095 check karo please
cmp2919 complaint registered but no action taken
hello 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP4476 NOTHING HAPPENED
bhai please tell me status of cmp5786
KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP9400
water connection application MC20874 ka status
kindly BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC99635 READY HAI KYA
meri complaint CMP3942 ka status kya hai
kindly complaint CMP5469 ka kya hua
MY COMPLAINT CMP5511 STILL PENDING
sir I FILED COMPLAINT CMP9764 1 WEEK AGO NO UPDATE
application mc79574 status batao
hello WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC33753 BE PROCESSED
hello mera application mc56374 kahin khoya to nahi
bhai मेरी शिकायत CMP7496 का क्या हुआ
application MC81495 ka status nahi pata
plz complaint number CMP1894 check karo please
sir cmp6895 complaint registered but no action taken
hello 2 weeks ago filed cmp7213 nothing happened
plz please tell me status of CMP6199
kindly kab tak resolve hoga cmp5482
water connection application MC56861 ka status
hello birth certificate application mc21775 ready hai kya
kindly meri complaint cmp2820 ka status kya hai
kindly complaint cmp1303 ka kya hua
bhai MY COMPLAINT CMP3776 STILL PENDING
i filed complaint cmp6798 1 week ago no update
APPLICATION MC68192 STATUS BATAO
plz WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC67896 BE PROCESSED
mera application MC37713 kahin khoya to nahi
plz मेरी शिकायत cmp1894 का क्या हुआ
sir application mc26561 ka status nahi pata
sir complaint number cmp6391 check karo please
kindly CMP3853 complaint registered but no action taken
2 weeks ago filed CMP3243 nothing happened
please tell me status of CMP3460
plz kab tak resolve hoga CMP5786
WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC72534 KA STATUS
birth certificate application MC59906 ready hai kya
meri complaint cmp7828 ka status kya hai
plz complaint CMP4732 ka kya hua
my complaint cmp9712 still pending
I FILED COMPLAINT CMP9240 ONE MONTH AGO NO UPDATE
bhai APPLICATION MC70487 STATUS BATAO
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC57517 BE PROCESSED
mera application mc63127 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत CMP6572 का क्या हुआ
bhai APPLICATION MC54408 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
sir COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP1942 CHECK KARO PLEASE
bhai CMP6391 complaint registered but no action taken
hello 2 weeks ago filed cmp3230 nothing happened
please tell me status of cmp4713
kab tak resolve hoga cmp6895
water connection application MC54228 ka status
sir birth certificate application mc75422 ready hai kya
hello meri complaint cmp1942 ka status kya hai
COMPLAINT CMP5710 KA KYA HUA
plz MY COMPLAINT CMP6895 STILL PENDING
I filed complaint CMP4856 one month ago no update
bhai application MC21508 status batao
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC89203 BE PROCESSED
mera application MC43761 kahin khoya to nahi
plz मेरी शिकायत CMP3460 का क्या हुआ
APPLICATION MC36224 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP7781 CHECK KARO PLEASE
kindly cmp7551 complaint registered but no action taken
hello 2 weeks ago filed CMP3644 nothing happened
sir PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP3158
KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP4080
kindly water connection application mc63516 ka status
plz birth certificate application mc43663 ready hai kya
hello meri complaint cmp4002 ka status kya hai
complaint cmp9377 ka kya hua
MY COMPLAINT CMP4401 STILL PENDING
I FILED COMPLAINT CMP4856 3 DAYS AGO NO UPDATE
hello application mc89696 status batao
sir WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC38652 BE PROCESSED
MERA APPLICATION MC89365 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
मेरी शिकायत CMP1070 का क्या हुआ
sir application mc96273 ka status nahi pata
kindly complaint number cmp2820 check karo please
cmp4786 complaint registered but no action taken
bhai 2 weeks ago filed CMP1021 nothing happened
plz please tell me status of cmp7851
sir kab tak resolve hoga cmp9571
kindly water connection application MC68061 ka status
kindly birth certificate application mc91089 ready hai kya
hello meri complaint cmp8668 ka status kya hai
sir complaint cmp8193 ka kya hua
bhai my complaint cmp2722 still pending
hello I filed complaint CMP7496 1 week ago no update
APPLICATION MC19132 STATUS BATAO
plz when will application MC36707 be processed
MERA APPLICATION MC81495 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
bhai मेरी शिकायत cmp2184 का क्या हुआ
hello application mc98912 ka status nahi pata
COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP5513 CHECK KARO PLEASE
kindly cmp8588 complaint registered but no action taken
2 weeks ago filed cmp3742 nothing happened
please tell me status of cmp1782
kab tak resolve hoga cmp1894
bhai water connection application mc21508 ka status
birth certificate application mc28731 ready hai kya
sir MERI COMPLAINT CMP7843 KA STATUS KYA HAI
sir complaint cmp7546 ka kya hua
plz MY COMPLAINT CMP5731 STILL PENDING
i filed complaint cmp3025 one month ago no update
plz application mc56374 status batao
sir when will application MC70487 be processed
bhai mera application MC64272 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत cmp8122 का क्या हुआ
hello application mc25560 ka status nahi pata
complaint number cmp3684 check karo please
CMP4822 complaint registered but no action taken
bhai 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP3602 NOTHING HAPPENED
hello please tell me status of cmp1542
bhai kab tak resolve hoga CMP4009
kindly WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC26682 KA STATUS
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC48793 READY HAI KYA
meri complaint CMP9095 ka status kya hai
hello COMPLAINT CMP1955 KA KYA HUA
MY COMPLAINT CMP4178 STILL PENDING
sir I filed complaint CMP6134 one month ago no update
plz application MC35333 status batao
when will application mc43761 be processed
kindly mera application MC87123 kahin khoya to nahi
bhai मेरी शिकायत CMP6038 का क्या हुआ
kindly application mc59670 ka status nahi pata
COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP4363 CHECK KARO PLEASE
bhai CMP9587 complaint registered but no action taken
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP1566 NOTHING HAPPENED
bhai PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP5786
kindly kab tak resolve hoga cmp1337
kindly water connection application MC99759 ka status
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC99759 READY HAI KYA
meri complaint cmp2184 ka status kya hai
plz COMPLAINT CMP1942 KA KYA HUA
kindly my complaint cmp9219 still pending
bhai I FILED COMPLAINT CMP3140 3 DAYS AGO NO UPDATE
kindly APPLICATION MC98912 STATUS BATAO
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC75954 BE PROCESSED
mera application MC20637 kahin khoya to nahi
kindly मेरी शिकायत CMP1583 का क्या हुआ
plz application mc57409 ka status nahi pata
sir complaint number CMP5731 check karo please
cmp8534 complaint registered but no action taken
bhai 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP4317 NOTHING HAPPENED
plz please tell me status of CMP9374
sir KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP1070
water connection application MC56861 ka status
kindly birth certificate application MC68061 ready hai kya
bhai meri complaint CMP6609 ka status kya hai
plz COMPLAINT CMP1894 KA KYA HUA
kindly my complaint CMP3719 still pending
i filed complaint cmp8311 one month ago no update
plz APPLICATION MC88042 STATUS BATAO
when will application mc93942 be processed
mera application mc47000 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत CMP1583 का क्या हुआ
application MC26926 ka status nahi pata
sir complaint number cmp1064 check karo please
cmp2722 complaint registered but no action taken
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP7508 NOTHING HAPPENED
please tell me status of CMP8940
bhai kab tak resolve hoga cmp5285
WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC95764 KA STATUS
sir birth certificate application MC87123 ready hai kya
MERI COMPLAINT CMP4793 KA STATUS KYA HAI
complaint CMP9240 ka kya hua
plz my complaint cmp4088 still pending
bhai I FILED COMPLAINT CMP5145 2 WEEKS AGO NO UPDATE
sir application mc91089 status batao
plz WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC65195 BE PROCESSED
bhai mera application mc40174 kahin khoya to nahi
kindly मेरी शिकायत CMP8316 का क्या हुआ
application MC58624 ka status nahi pata
complaint number cmp9068 check karo please
hello CMP5256 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP3025 NOTHING HAPPENED
please tell me status of CMP4856
plz KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP3944
bhai water connection application mc24390 ka status
bhai birth certificate application MC99439 ready hai kya
plz meri complaint CMP4788 ka status kya hai
kindly COMPLAINT CMP5513 KA KYA HUA
plz my complaint cmp4761 still pending
sir i filed complaint cmp5836 one month ago no update
plz APPLICATION MC11461 STATUS BATAO
sir when will application MC13054 be processed
sir mera application mc48408 kahin khoya to nahi
kindly मेरी शिकायत cmp1303 का क्या हुआ
sir application MC26561 ka status nahi pata
complaint number CMP7851 check karo please
bhai cmp4178 complaint registered but no action taken
kindly 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP7508 NOTHING HAPPENED
hello PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP1955
plz KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP3776
WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC98912 KA STATUS
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC29718 READY HAI KYA
sir MERI COMPLAINT CMP4310 KA STATUS KYA HAI
plz complaint cmp9400 ka kya hua
my complaint CMP6795 still pending
sir i filed complaint cmp3853 1 week ago no update
hello application mc59670 status batao
plz when will application mc88599 be processed
bhai mera application MC83526 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत cmp1303 का क्या हुआ
hello application mc92839 ka status nahi pata
complaint number CMP9710 check karo please
CMP7551 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
2 weeks ago filed cmp5922 nothing happened
PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP8145
bhai kab tak resolve hoga cmp3853
kindly water connection application MC97164 ka status
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC60870 READY HAI KYA
bhai MERI COMPLAINT CMP3158 KA STATUS KYA HAI
sir complaint cmp9587 ka kya hua
my complaint CMP6572 still pending
plz I FILED COMPLAINT CMP4009 ONE MONTH AGO NO UPDATE
APPLICATION MC35962 STATUS BATAO
plz when will application MC59946 be processed
hello MERA APPLICATION MC28731 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
sir मेरी शिकायत cmp7688 का क्या हुआ
sir APPLICATION MC72092 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP3230 CHECK KARO PLEASE
kindly CMP9587 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
2 weeks ago filed cmp3104 nothing happened
sir PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP7828
kindly kab tak resolve hoga cmp2588
WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC28830 KA STATUS
plz birth certificate application MC19488 ready hai kya
meri complaint CMP1523 ka status kya hai
sir complaint cmp7829 ka kya hua
hello my complaint CMP6572 still pending
I FILED COMPLAINT CMP1583 2 WEEKS AGO NO UPDATE
bhai application mc86767 status batao
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC63516 BE PROCESSED
sir MERA APPLICATION MC33071 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
मेरी शिकायत cmp4281 का क्या हुआ
application mc35962 ka status nahi pata
hello COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP5285 CHECK KARO PLEASE
CMP7049 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
sir 2 weeks ago filed CMP7113 nothing happened
PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP4002
plz kab tak resolve hoga CMP4925
bhai WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC62950 KA STATUS
birth certificate application mc27464 ready hai kya
meri complaint cmp4009 ka status kya hai
kindly complaint CMP5845 ka kya hua
hello my complaint cmp7656 still pending
I filed complaint CMP5836 3 days ago no update
plz application mc35489 status batao
plz WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC63652 BE PROCESSED
sir MERA APPLICATION MC54408 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
sir मेरी शिकायत CMP5679 का क्या हुआ
plz application mc62351 ka status nahi pata
bhai complaint number cmp2334 check karo please
hello cmp3844 complaint registered but no action taken
2 weeks ago filed CMP4476 nothing happened
hello PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP5469
bhai kab tak resolve hoga CMP7781
water connection application MC42918 ka status
sir BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC60209 READY HAI KYA
plz meri complaint cmp1196 ka status kya hai
complaint cmp2334 ka kya hua
hello my complaint CMP9374 still pending
hello I FILED COMPLAINT CMP5469 1 WEEK AGO NO UPDATE
sir application mc59784 status batao
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC39628 BE PROCESSED
sir MERA APPLICATION MC14857 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
मेरी शिकायत CMP5098 का क्या हुआ
kindly application MC88569 ka status nahi pata
plz complaint number CMP8055 check karo please
CMP7213 complaint registered but no action taken
2 weeks ago filed CMP3728 nothing happened
PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP6199
sir kab tak resolve hoga CMP4401
sir water connection application MC84306 ka status
bhai birth certificate application mc21274 ready hai kya
MERI COMPLAINT CMP4761 KA STATUS KYA HAI
complaint CMP8588 ka kya hua
bhai MY COMPLAINT CMP4761 STILL PENDING
i filed complaint cmp7496 2 weeks ago no update
APPLICATION MC58889 STATUS BATAO
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC70487 BE PROCESSED
hello mera application MC59946 kahin khoya to nahi
sir मेरी शिकायत CMP4713 का क्या हुआ
plz application mc72092 ka status nahi pata
plz COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP6356 CHECK KARO PLEASE
sir cmp7828 complaint registered but no action taken
2 weeks ago filed CMP3713 nothing happened
please tell me status of CMP5845
hello kab tak resolve hoga CMP3727
hello water connection application mc50607 ka status
kindly birth certificate application MC80033 ready hai kya
hello meri complaint CMP1470 ka status kya hai
kindly COMPLAINT CMP2182 KA KYA HUA
my complaint cmp7829 still pending
I filed complaint CMP4009 1 week ago no update
hello application mc40180 status batao
plz WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC87123 BE PROCESSED
hello MERA APPLICATION MC96136 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
hello मेरी शिकायत cmp1592 का क्या हुआ
bhai application MC16249 ka status nahi pata
hello complaint number cmp9068 check karo please
sir cmp1542 complaint registered but no action taken
hello 2 weeks ago filed CMP5731 nothing happened
PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP7829
kindly kab tak resolve hoga cmp2722
water connection application mc65265 ka status
birth certificate application MC72534 ready hai kya
hello MERI COMPLAINT CMP3742 KA STATUS KYA HAI
kindly complaint CMP4856 ka kya hua
plz my complaint cmp9710 still pending
kindly i filed complaint cmp6038 1 week ago no update
plz application MC13054 status batao
when will application mc30895 be processed
kindly MERA APPLICATION MC56374 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
bhai मेरी शिकायत CMP3401 का क्या हुआ
plz application mc84306 ka status nahi pata
COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP3602 CHECK KARO PLEASE
sir cmp9219 complaint registered but no action taken
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP2313 NOTHING HAPPENED
sir PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP5710
kab tak resolve hoga CMP4310
water connection application MC23860 ka status
birth certificate application mc71477 ready hai kya
MERI COMPLAINT CMP9393 KA STATUS KYA HAI
plz COMPLAINT CMP1196 KA KYA HUA
bhai my complaint cmp3815 still pending
plz I FILED COMPLAINT CMP1942 3 DAYS AGO NO UPDATE
kindly APPLICATION MC33435 STATUS BATAO
plz when will application MC36144 be processed
mera application MC98909 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत cmp3684 का क्या हुआ
kindly application MC48126 ka status nahi pata
plz COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP8316 CHECK KARO PLEASE
CMP4925 complaint registered but no action taken
kindly 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP7688 NOTHING HAPPENED
please tell me status of cmp5786
bhai kab tak resolve hoga cmp2313
kindly water connection application MC30895 ka status
hello birth certificate application MC62772 ready hai kya
bhai meri complaint CMP8145 ka status kya hai
kindly complaint cmp7656 ka kya hua
kindly my complaint cmp8145 still pending
i filed complaint cmp6982 1 week ago no update
hello APPLICATION MC10998 STATUS BATAO
hello WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC43763 BE PROCESSED
plz mera application mc90922 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत cmp4363 का क्या हुआ
bhai APPLICATION MC17316 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
hello COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP6795 CHECK KARO PLEASE
sir CMP9700 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP7829 NOTHING HAPPENED
plz please tell me status of cmp2840
hello KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP1184
sir WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC32499 KA STATUS
birth certificate application MC56568 ready hai kya
bhai MERI COMPLAINT CMP9400 KA STATUS KYA HAI
plz COMPLAINT CMP8804 KA KYA HUA
my complaint cmp2840 still pending
I FILED COMPLAINT CMP6356 ONE MONTH AGO NO UPDATE
sir application mc74130 status batao
kindly when will application MC96546 be processed
mera application mc58624 kahin khoya to nahi
hello मेरी शिकायत CMP8316 का क्या हुआ
plz application MC96581 ka status nahi pata
hello COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP1196 CHECK KARO PLEASE
cmp7781 complaint registered but no action taken
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP6391 NOTHING HAPPENED
plz PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP7843
kab tak resolve hoga CMP1184
plz water connection application mc87123 ka status
kindly BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC29718 READY HAI KYA
meri complaint CMP2334 ka status kya hai
complaint cmp1070 ka kya hua
my complaint cmp1252 still pending
kindly I filed complaint CMP4856 1 week ago no update
hello application MC56861 status batao
when will application MC38402 be processed
hello mera application MC58889 kahin khoya to nahi
plz मेरी शिकायत CMP6391 का क्या हुआ
bhai APPLICATION MC35333 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
sir complaint number cmp9587 check karo please
CMP1523 complaint registered but no action taken
plz 2 weeks ago filed CMP5925 nothing happened
bhai please tell me status of CMP6794
bhai kab tak resolve hoga CMP8316
WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC99439 KA STATUS
birth certificate application mc28830 ready hai kya
meri complaint cmp9540 ka status kya hai
COMPLAINT CMP7688 KA KYA HUA
bhai my complaint cmp7373 still pending
i filed complaint cmp2860 2 weeks ago no update
sir APPLICATION MC95764 STATUS BATAO
hello WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC70487 BE PROCESSED
MERA APPLICATION MC75954 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
hello मेरी शिकायत CMP3776 का क्या हुआ
plz APPLICATION MC89696 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
complaint number cmp6661 check karo please
plz CMP9095 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP2881 NOTHING HAPPENED
plz please tell me status of cmp5513
hello kab tak resolve hoga cmp8550
sir water connection application MC75954 ka status
birth certificate application MC50818 ready hai kya
meri complaint cmp7851 ka status kya hai
complaint cmp3815 ka kya hua
sir my complaint cmp1021 still pending
i filed complaint cmp3930 3 days ago no update
hello APPLICATION MC42918 STATUS BATAO
plz WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC83131 BE PROCESSED
hello mera application MC27464 kahin khoya to nahi
plz मेरी शिकायत CMP4080 का क्या हुआ
plz application mc79574 ka status nahi pata
sir complaint number CMP2722 check karo please
hello CMP3602 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
2 weeks ago filed CMP5098 nothing happened
sir please tell me status of cmp9934
sir KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP3844
sir water connection application mc75422 ka status
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC36224 READY HAI KYA
MERI COMPLAINT CMP1059 KA STATUS KYA HAI
bhai COMPLAINT CMP5753 KA KYA HUA
sir my complaint cmp2881 still pending
I filed complaint CMP4476 3 days ago no update
application mc25560 status batao
hello when will application mc99439 be processed
mera application mc91089 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत CMP3059 का क्या हुआ
sir APPLICATION MC10742 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
bhai complaint number CMP3104 check karo please
hello CMP3822 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
kindly 2 weeks ago filed CMP2640 nothing happened
plz PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP6661
plz kab tak resolve hoga CMP5338
water connection application MC89365 ka status
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC43663 READY HAI KYA
kindly MERI COMPLAINT CMP5753 KA STATUS KYA HAI
complaint CMP1782 ka kya hua
MY COMPLAINT CMP5836 STILL PENDING
I filed complaint CMP3684 3 days ago no update
kindly application mc38353 status batao
when will application mc59906 be processed
MERA APPLICATION MC22646 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
kindly मेरी शिकायत cmp4925 का क्या हुआ
bhai APPLICATION MC16249 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
complaint number CMP3460 check karo please
cmp7528 complaint registered but no action taken
sir 2 weeks ago filed CMP2313 nothing happened
plz please tell me status of cmp1523
hello kab tak resolve hoga CMP9377
WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC10998 KA STATUS
hello BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC67678 READY HAI KYA
meri complaint CMP2820 ka status kya hai
COMPLAINT CMP8940 KA KYA HUA
MY COMPLAINT CMP3728 STILL PENDING
hello I filed complaint CMP3644 2 weeks ago no update
sir application mc60273 status batao
hello when will application mc24390 be processed
hello mera application mc33284 kahin khoya to nahi
kindly मेरी शिकायत CMP3930 का क्या हुआ
sir application mc33284 ka status nahi pata
hello COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP9712 CHECK KARO PLEASE
plz cmp1205 complaint registered but no action taken
kindly 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP7843 NOTHING HAPPENED
kindly please tell me status of CMP2224
plz KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP3140
kindly water connection application mc26682 ka status
sir BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC77981 READY HAI KYA
bhai meri complaint CMP3853 ka status kya hai
complaint CMP5679 ka kya hua
plz my complaint cmp7466 still pending
bhai i filed complaint cmp3401 1 week ago no update
bhai application MC26682 status batao
bhai when will application mc37207 be processed
hello mera application MC57409 kahin khoya to nahi
kindly मेरी शिकायत CMP1337 का क्या हुआ
hello application mc65265 ka status nahi pata
complaint number CMP7528 check karo please
hello cmp2588 complaint registered but no action taken
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP4002 NOTHING HAPPENED
please tell me status of CMP5338
sir kab tak resolve hoga cmp3742
WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC93894 KA STATUS
plz birth certificate application MC87123 ready hai kya
sir MERI COMPLAINT CMP7113 KA STATUS KYA HAI
complaint cmp3853 ka kya hua
hello my complaint cmp1583 still pending
I FILED COMPLAINT CMP2184 3 DAYS AGO NO UPDATE
hello application mc70487 status batao
when will application MC97433 be processed
hello mera application mc59784 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत cmp8316 का क्या हुआ
APPLICATION MC86767 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
sir complaint number cmp5469 check karo please
hello cmp6356 complaint registered but no action taken
2 weeks ago filed cmp5836 nothing happened
hello please tell me status of CMP4822
kindly KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP4788
water connection application MC62950 ka status
birth certificate application mc83526 ready hai kya
meri complaint CMP1523 ka status kya hai
COMPLAINT CMP9068 KA KYA HUA
my complaint CMP7508 still pending
hello i filed complaint cmp3853 2 weeks ago no update
plz application mc87123 status batao
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC88599 BE PROCESSED
mera application mc65732 kahin khoya to nahi
hello मेरी शिकायत CMP2417 का क्या हुआ
application mc89365 ka status nahi pata
complaint number CMP2182 check karo please
CMP6798 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
2 weeks ago filed cmp4088 nothing happened
plz please tell me status of cmp3401
sir kab tak resolve hoga cmp8193
water connection application MC95764 ka status
kindly BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC62950 READY HAI KYA
sir MERI COMPLAINT CMP3460 KA STATUS KYA HAI
bhai COMPLAINT CMP2840 KA KYA HUA
my complaint CMP5098 still pending
bhai i filed complaint cmp5338 2 weeks ago no update
application mc21274 status batao
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC26561 BE PROCESSED
plz mera application MC36318 kahin khoya to nahi
sir मेरी शिकायत cmp7843 का क्या हुआ
sir application MC37713 ka status nahi pata
complaint number cmp3469 check karo please
plz CMP3401 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
bhai 2 weeks ago filed cmp4363 nothing happened
plz please tell me status of CMP6402
KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP7466
bhai water connection application MC33462 ka status
bhai birth certificate application mc62310 ready hai kya
sir MERI COMPLAINT CMP2640 KA STATUS KYA HAI
hello complaint CMP1542 ka kya hua
bhai MY COMPLAINT CMP4178 STILL PENDING
I filed complaint CMP8272 one month ago no update
kindly application mc75422 status batao
hello WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC20502 BE PROCESSED
hello MERA APPLICATION MC72534 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
kindly मेरी शिकायत CMP3158 का क्या हुआ
plz application mc87123 ka status nahi pata
sir complaint number CMP8940 check karo please
sir cmp2334 complaint registered but no action taken
2 weeks ago filed cmp3728 nothing happened
please tell me status of cmp6391
kindly kab tak resolve hoga cmp8004
bhai water connection application MC26301 ka status
sir birth certificate application mc52021 ready hai kya
sir MERI COMPLAINT CMP8940 KA STATUS KYA HAI
complaint CMP8668 ka kya hua
my complaint cmp3727 still pending
hello I filed complaint CMP9095 1 week ago no update
application mc39628 status batao
hello WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC81495 BE PROCESSED
kindly mera application MC34373 kahin khoya to nahi
hello मेरी शिकायत CMP9764 का क्या हुआ
plz application MC97433 ka status nahi pata
complaint number cmp4363 check karo please
CMP9240 complaint registered but no action taken
sir 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP6199 NOTHING HAPPENED
plz PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP1747
hello KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP2417
water connection application MC42562 ka status
bhai birth certificate application mc81495 ready hai kya
meri complaint CMP5836 ka status kya hai
complaint cmp2182 ka kya hua
plz my complaint cmp5922 still pending
sir I filed complaint CMP8311 2 weeks ago no update
plz application MC96546 status batao
hello when will application MC90375 be processed
mera application mc96273 kahin khoya to nahi
sir मेरी शिकायत cmp9377 का क्या हुआ
hello application mc67425 ka status nahi pata
complaint number cmp3713 check karo please
kindly cmp4363 complaint registered but no action taken
sir 2 weeks ago filed cmp5256 nothing happened
sir please tell me status of CMP1865
kab tak resolve hoga CMP9095
water connection application mc10565 ka status
birth certificate application mc26561 ready hai kya
kindly MERI COMPLAINT CMP8534 KA STATUS KYA HAI
complaint cmp6038 ka kya hua
my complaint CMP7829 still pending
kindly I filed complaint CMP8122 1 week ago no update
plz APPLICATION MC43763 STATUS BATAO
hello WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC47000 BE PROCESSED
bhai mera application mc97396 kahin khoya to nahi
bhai मेरी शिकायत CMP9374 का क्या हुआ
plz APPLICATION MC70647 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
complaint number CMP3243 check karo please
sir CMP9540 complaint registered but no action taken
2 weeks ago filed CMP2334 nothing happened
please tell me status of CMP3942
hello KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP3686
kindly WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC48793 KA STATUS
hello birth certificate application MC98898 ready hai kya
meri complaint cmp3686 ka status kya hai
complaint cmp5845 ka kya hua
kindly my complaint cmp9374 still pending
hello I filed complaint CMP5285 one month ago no update
hello APPLICATION MC36144 STATUS BATAO
bhai when will application MC98909 be processed
MERA APPLICATION MC48408 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
kindly मेरी शिकायत cmp2722 का क्या हुआ
APPLICATION MC83526 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
hello COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP8588 CHECK KARO PLEASE
hello CMP9571 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
plz 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP3844 NOTHING HAPPENED
PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP3944
kab tak resolve hoga CMP5256
WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC99693 KA STATUS
birth certificate application mc48718 ready hai kya
plz MERI COMPLAINT CMP7866 KA STATUS KYA HAI
complaint CMP7174 ka kya hua
plz my complaint CMP3684 still pending
bhai i filed complaint cmp1064 1 week ago no update
bhai APPLICATION MC37207 STATUS BATAO
kindly WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC67425 BE PROCESSED
MERA APPLICATION MC63723 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
sir मेरी शिकायत cmp6795 का क्या हुआ
application mc86767 ka status nahi pata
complaint number cmp5098 check karo please
hello CMP7373 complaint registered but no action taken
2 weeks ago filed CMP6798 nothing happened
hello please tell me status of CMP2224
KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP3713
kindly WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC48846 KA STATUS
bhai BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC67896 READY HAI KYA
kindly MERI COMPLAINT CMP1303 KA STATUS KYA HAI
hello COMPLAINT CMP1337 KA KYA HUA
plz my complaint cmp2182 still pending
plz I filed complaint CMP8145 3 days ago no update
kindly APPLICATION MC60585 STATUS BATAO
sir when will application mc40658 be processed
mera application mc29718 kahin khoya to nahi
sir मेरी शिकायत cmp1196 का क्या हुआ
kindly application MC28830 ka status nahi pata
complaint number cmp2881 check karo please
kindly CMP3684 complaint registered but no action taken
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP3942 NOTHING HAPPENED
please tell me status of cmp4476
kab tak resolve hoga CMP9095
WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC40658 KA STATUS
sir birth certificate application mc68192 ready hai kya
hello meri complaint CMP9587 ka status kya hai
sir complaint CMP3639 ka kya hua
MY COMPLAINT CMP8145 STILL PENDING
hello I filed complaint CMP8193 2 weeks ago no update
bhai application MC36318 status batao
bhai when will application MC63723 be processed
sir mera application MC92839 kahin khoya to nahi
kindly मेरी शिकायत cmp9764 का क्या हुआ
plz application MC47000 ka status nahi pata
sir complaint number cmp6798 check karo please
hello CMP7373 complaint registered but no action taken
sir 2 weeks ago filed cmp6356 nothing happened
plz PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP9393
kindly kab tak resolve hoga CMP2881
sir water connection application mc60870 ka status
plz BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC62950 READY HAI KYA
MERI COMPLAINT CMP5482 KA STATUS KYA HAI
complaint CMP3174 ka kya hua
my complaint CMP9374 still pending
i filed complaint cmp1184 1 week ago no update
kindly application MC96273 status batao
plz when will application MC10998 be processed
kindly mera application mc59670 kahin khoya to nahi
plz मेरी शिकायत CMP6794 का क्या हुआ
bhai application MC62772 ka status nahi pata
kindly complaint number CMP8588 check karo please
sir cmp4002 complaint registered but no action taken
bhai 2 weeks ago filed CMP8122 nothing happened
plz please tell me status of CMP1523
KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP4925
plz WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC33435 KA STATUS
birth certificate application MC37713 ready hai kya
MERI COMPLAINT CMP8550 KA STATUS KYA HAI
complaint CMP2334 ka kya hua
my complaint cmp2881 still pending
sir i filed complaint cmp7049 3 days ago no update
plz APPLICATION MC10742 STATUS BATAO
bhai when will application MC26561 be processed
kindly mera application mc98785 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत CMP1660 का क्या हुआ
hello APPLICATION MC59410 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
plz complaint number CMP5922 check karo please
sir cmp9240 complaint registered but no action taken
hello 2 weeks ago filed cmp4732 nothing happened
please tell me status of CMP1583
kab tak resolve hoga CMP1196
bhai WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC68061 KA STATUS
kindly BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC98381 READY HAI KYA
kindly meri complaint CMP3059 ka status kya hai
complaint CMP1778 ka kya hua
kindly my complaint CMP6037 still pending
sir I filed complaint CMP8311 1 week ago no update
application mc21775 status batao
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC38652 BE PROCESSED
plz mera application MC16249 kahin khoya to nahi
hello मेरी शिकायत CMP2881 का क्या हुआ
application MC63127 ka status nahi pata
plz COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP1470 CHECK KARO PLEASE
cmp2238 complaint registered but no action taken
kindly 2 weeks ago filed CMP7866 nothing happened
PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP9571
plz KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP7373
bhai WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC32824 KA STATUS
sir birth certificate application mc35962 ready hai kya
sir meri complaint cmp5731 ka status kya hai
plz complaint CMP5145 ka kya hua
bhai MY COMPLAINT CMP8055 STILL PENDING
hello i filed complaint cmp7466 3 days ago no update
application mc32437 status batao
kindly when will application mc72534 be processed
plz MERA APPLICATION MC40174 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
sir मेरी शिकायत cmp3930 का क्या हुआ
bhai application MC75422 ka status nahi pata
COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP3104 CHECK KARO PLEASE
hello CMP3942 complaint registered but no action taken
sir 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP4732 NOTHING HAPPENED
please tell me status of cmp9219
KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP4925
WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC54151 KA STATUS
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC88042 READY HAI KYA
meri complaint cmp1064 ka status kya hai
sir complaint cmp6087 ka kya hua
my complaint CMP3460 still pending
i filed complaint cmp1070 one month ago no update
application MC32499 status batao
when will application MC48846 be processed
MERA APPLICATION MC95637 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
plz मेरी शिकायत cmp5753 का क्या हुआ
plz APPLICATION MC91778 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP4310 CHECK KARO PLEASE
CMP4363 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP4002 NOTHING HAPPENED
hello PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP9540
kindly KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP3174
water connection application mc95637 ka status
birth certificate application MC51825 ready hai kya
sir MERI COMPLAINT CMP5710 KA STATUS KYA HAI
hello complaint CMP9978 ka kya hua
MY COMPLAINT CMP1052 STILL PENDING
kindly i filed complaint cmp3713 3 days ago no update
application MC65265 status batao
sir when will application MC60870 be processed
mera application MC32824 kahin khoya to nahi
kindly मेरी शिकायत CMP5731 का क्या हुआ
application MC88569 ka status nahi pata
hello complaint number cmp3644 check karo please
cmp6227 complaint registered but no action taken
hello 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP3104 NOTHING HAPPENED
plz PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP5338
plz KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP9571
hello water connection application mc64272 ka status
birth certificate application MC86767 ready hai kya
meri complaint CMP3025 ka status kya hai
kindly complaint cmp7829 ka kya hua
my complaint CMP8055 still pending
plz I FILED COMPLAINT CMP7113 ONE MONTH AGO NO UPDATE
APPLICATION MC38402 STATUS BATAO
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC88569 BE PROCESSED
sir mera application mc75948 kahin khoya to nahi
plz मेरी शिकायत CMP5285 का क्या हुआ
APPLICATION MC88569 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
complaint number cmp5925 check karo please
kindly cmp9135 complaint registered but no action taken
2 weeks ago filed CMP2003 nothing happened
sir PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP6134
bhai kab tak resolve hoga CMP1052
water connection application mc77981 ka status
plz birth certificate application MC27160 ready hai kya
bhai meri complaint CMP4713 ka status kya hai
kindly COMPLAINT CMP4961 KA KYA HUA
kindly my complaint CMP6356 still pending
sir I filed complaint CMP1303 2 weeks ago no update
sir application MC43663 status batao
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC35333 BE PROCESSED
mera application mc33435 kahin khoya to nahi
plz मेरी शिकायत CMP1070 का क्या हुआ
bhai application MC88599 ka status nahi pata
COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP3844 CHECK KARO PLEASE
bhai CMP8122 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
sir 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP3230 NOTHING HAPPENED
sir please tell me status of CMP9400
hello KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP6227
plz water connection application MC64922 ka status
birth certificate application MC40180 ready hai kya
meri complaint cmp7781 ka status kya hai
complaint cmp1542 ka kya hua
kindly MY COMPLAINT CMP4767 STILL PENDING
i filed complaint cmp7551 1 week ago no update
plz APPLICATION MC93942 STATUS BATAO
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC21508 BE PROCESSED
kindly mera application MC98912 kahin khoya to nahi
bhai मेरी शिकायत cmp3025 का क्या हुआ
bhai APPLICATION MC43763 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
plz COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP3025 CHECK KARO PLEASE
bhai CMP8550 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
2 weeks ago filed cmp5338 nothing happened
sir please tell me status of cmp6982
kindly kab tak resolve hoga cmp9240
bhai water connection application MC36318 ka status
hello birth certificate application MC74130 ready hai kya
meri complaint CMP8122 ka status kya hai
bhai complaint CMP1955 ka kya hua
hello my complaint CMP1052 still pending
I FILED COMPLAINT CMP3401 1 WEEK AGO NO UPDATE
kindly APPLICATION MC79574 STATUS BATAO
sir when will application MC96136 be processed
MERA APPLICATION MC43763 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
मेरी शिकायत CMP2184 का क्या हुआ
APPLICATION MC33462 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
kindly complaint number cmp3104 check karo please
hello CMP7174 complaint registered but no action taken
bhai 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP3844 NOTHING HAPPENED
please tell me status of CMP4080
hello kab tak resolve hoga cmp9095
water connection application mc34373 ka status
sir birth certificate application MC99635 ready hai kya
meri complaint cmp3815 ka status kya hai
bhai complaint cmp7496 ka kya hua
hello my complaint CMP8588 still pending
i filed complaint cmp3815 3 days ago no update
APPLICATION MC50818 STATUS BATAO
bhai when will application MC38353 be processed
hello MERA APPLICATION MC38402 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
sir मेरी शिकायत CMP4961 का क्या हुआ
sir APPLICATION MC29718 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
sir COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP4088 CHECK KARO PLEASE
hello cmp4476 complaint registered but no action taken
plz 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP4713 NOTHING HAPPENED
kindly please tell me status of CMP1955
bhai kab tak resolve hoga cmp4788
plz water connection application mc60870 ka status
sir BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC24390 READY HAI KYA
sir meri complaint cmp5323 ka status kya hai
kindly complaint cmp2881 ka kya hua
my complaint cmp4961 still pending
I FILED COMPLAINT CMP6798 2 WEEKS AGO NO UPDATE
application mc81495 status batao
when will application mc72092 be processed
mera application MC62310 kahin khoya to nahi
kindly मेरी शिकायत CMP7171 का क्या हुआ
kindly APPLICATION MC97396 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
sir COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP2820 CHECK KARO PLEASE
CMP7851 complaint registered but no action taken
kindly 2 weeks ago filed cmp6982 nothing happened
kindly PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP4080
kab tak resolve hoga cmp5786
water connection application mc90375 ka status
sir birth certificate application mc55269 ready hai kya
bhai meri complaint cmp8004 ka status kya hai
plz complaint cmp4088 ka kya hua
hello my complaint cmp5511 still pending
I FILED COMPLAINT CMP1064 ONE MONTH AGO NO UPDATE
plz application MC97164 status batao
when will application MC17261 be processed
hello mera application mc59784 kahin khoya to nahi
bhai मेरी शिकायत cmp4178 का क्या हुआ
plz application MC65265 ka status nahi pata
complaint number CMP9732 check karo please
CMP9135 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
hello 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP3059 NOTHING HAPPENED
bhai please tell me status of CMP7171
hello kab tak resolve hoga CMP4856
kindly water connection application mc11461 ka status
bhai birth certificate application mc50818 ready hai kya
kindly MERI COMPLAINT CMP6609 KA STATUS KYA HAI
complaint cmp3728 ka kya hua
bhai my complaint CMP4713 still pending
I filed complaint CMP5922 1 week ago no update
kindly application MC65760 status batao
hello when will application mc59410 be processed
plz mera application MC52021 kahin khoya to nahi
kindly मेरी शिकायत CMP8668 का क्या हुआ
application mc17316 ka status nahi pata
kindly complaint number CMP3853 check karo please
CMP6227 complaint registered but no action taken
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP2539 NOTHING HAPPENED
PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP3815
bhai KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP1070
water connection application MC55269 ka status
plz birth certificate application mc65195 ready hai kya
kindly meri complaint cmp3140 ka status kya hai
hello complaint CMP2588 ka kya hua
sir my complaint CMP3719 still pending
I FILED COMPLAINT CMP1782 1 WEEK AGO NO UPDATE
hello application MC96546 status batao
hello when will application MC66481 be processed
mera application mc20502 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत CMP8311 का क्या हुआ
kindly application MC88042 ka status nahi pata
sir complaint number CMP5836 check karo please
bhai CMP3719 complaint registered but no action taken
bhai 2 weeks ago filed CMP1782 nothing happened
please tell me status of cmp3727
hello kab tak resolve hoga cmp3944
hello water connection application mc57517 ka status
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC10998 READY HAI KYA
MERI COMPLAINT CMP5285 KA STATUS KYA HAI
complaint CMP6500 ka kya hua
hello my complaint cmp1303 still pending
kindly I filed complaint CMP9700 one month ago no update
bhai application MC62242 status batao
kindly when will application MC14927 be processed
mera application mc86767 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत CMP3025 का क्या हुआ
bhai application MC19132 ka status nahi pata
kindly complaint number CMP3728 check karo please
CMP7828 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP4080 NOTHING HAPPENED
plz PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP5256
bhai kab tak resolve hoga CMP3719
kindly water connection application MC88569 ka status
bhai BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC89203 READY HAI KYA
meri complaint cmp9374 ka status kya hai
complaint cmp1470 ka kya hua
MY COMPLAINT CMP6895 STILL PENDING
I filed complaint CMP3438 one month ago no update
APPLICATION MC33753 STATUS BATAO
when will application mc99693 be processed
mera application mc15590 kahin khoya to nahi
plz मेरी शिकायत cmp3853 का क्या हुआ
application mc38652 ka status nahi pata
complaint number cmp1955 check karo please
plz cmp4961 complaint registered but no action taken
bhai 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP4178 NOTHING HAPPENED
bhai please tell me status of cmp3460
sir KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP5845
bhai water connection application mc60209 ka status
birth certificate application MC36707 ready hai kya
MERI COMPLAINT CMP3728 KA STATUS KYA HAI
hello complaint CMP5679 ka kya hua
my complaint cmp9219 still pending
i filed complaint cmp2157 3 days ago no update
kindly application mc15590 status batao
sir WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC77981 BE PROCESSED
sir mera application MC29959 kahin khoya to nahi
hello मेरी शिकायत CMP2840 का क्या हुआ
bhai application mc36144 ka status nahi pata
kindly complaint number cmp9732 check karo please
hello CMP6661 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
2 weeks ago filed cmp9219 nothing happened
please tell me status of CMP4476
kab tak resolve hoga cmp5836
WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC86767 KA STATUS
hello birth certificate application mc96136 ready hai kya
MERI COMPLAINT CMP4961 KA STATUS KYA HAI
complaint CMP7174 ka kya hua
kindly my complaint CMP4822 still pending
I FILED COMPLAINT CMP5482 ONE MONTH AGO NO UPDATE
application MC10998 status batao
sir WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC80599 BE PROCESSED
kindly mera application MC98909 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत cmp7049 का क्या हुआ
plz application mc26682 ka status nahi pata
hello complaint number cmp2334 check karo please
sir cmp6572 complaint registered but no action taken
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP1052 NOTHING HAPPENED
please tell me status of CMP5910
kab tak resolve hoga CMP5731
plz WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC98785 KA STATUS
birth certificate application mc56861 ready hai kya
meri complaint cmp3822 ka status kya hai
hello COMPLAINT CMP9374 KA KYA HUA
hello my complaint cmp4080 still pending
I filed complaint CMP8273 3 days ago no update
application mc65265 status batao
plz WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC71477 BE PROCESSED
plz mera application mc54139 kahin khoya to nahi
hello मेरी शिकायत cmp1894 का क्या हुआ
APPLICATION MC90085 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP7485 CHECK KARO PLEASE
plz cmp1333 complaint registered but no action taken
hello 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP8055 NOTHING HAPPENED
sir please tell me status of CMP2919
plz kab tak resolve hoga cmp5710
hello water connection application mc17261 ka status
kindly birth certificate application mc99693 ready hai kya
kindly meri complaint cmp7546 ka status kya hai
hello COMPLAINT CMP5922 KA KYA HUA
bhai my complaint cmp6609 still pending
I FILED COMPLAINT CMP2212 2 WEEKS AGO NO UPDATE
plz APPLICATION MC35962 STATUS BATAO
sir when will application mc65732 be processed
bhai mera application MC33753 kahin khoya to nahi
kindly मेरी शिकायत cmp7466 का क्या हुआ
application mc75948 ka status nahi pata
plz complaint number CMP1337 check karo please
kindly CMP4788 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
hello 2 weeks ago filed cmp2184 nothing happened
please tell me status of CMP8804
kab tak resolve hoga CMP3853
WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC98912 KA STATUS
bhai BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC65732 READY HAI KYA
sir MERI COMPLAINT CMP9540 KA STATUS KYA HAI
complaint cmp6609 ka kya hua
sir my complaint cmp5513 still pending
hello I filed complaint CMP7496 1 week ago no update
bhai application mc77981 status batao
plz WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC88569 BE PROCESSED
hello mera application mc88569 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत cmp5469 का क्या हुआ
application MC30895 ka status nahi pata
complaint number cmp3713 check karo please
sir cmp3727 complaint registered but no action taken
2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP6402 NOTHING HAPPENED
kindly PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP4961
KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP6895
water connection application MC68061 ka status
birth certificate application MC80599 ready hai kya
meri complaint CMP4363 ka status kya hai
hello complaint cmp6982 ka kya hua
MY COMPLAINT CMP5482 STILL PENDING
bhai I FILED COMPLAINT CMP3104 1 WEEK AGO NO UPDATE
application MC59946 status batao
bhai when will application MC25560 be processed
hello mera application MC42918 kahin khoya to nahi
bhai मेरी शिकायत cmp3944 का क्या हुआ
kindly application mc24390 ka status nahi pata
sir complaint number cmp6391 check karo please
bhai CMP4009 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
bhai 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP1592 NOTHING HAPPENED
plz PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP9219
KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP6402
bhai water connection application MC56861 ka status
birth certificate application mc72409 ready hai kya
meri complaint cmp9095 ka status kya hai
plz complaint CMP6227 ka kya hua
kindly MY COMPLAINT CMP2722 STILL PENDING
sir I FILED COMPLAINT CMP1566 ONE MONTH AGO NO UPDATE
hello application mc88599 status batao
when will application MC54408 be processed
kindly mera application mc63723 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत CMP1592 का क्या हुआ
application mc42562 ka status nahi pata
plz complaint number CMP4247 check karo please
CMP5434 complaint registered but no action taken
plz 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP2003 NOTHING HAPPENED
please tell me status of cmp7373
KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP2919
hello WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC64922 KA STATUS
hello birth certificate application MC53214 ready hai kya
bhai MERI COMPLAINT CMP7851 KA STATUS KYA HAI
plz complaint CMP6087 ka kya hua
my complaint cmp9587 still pending
kindly I filed complaint CMP7049 one month ago no update
application mc33435 status batao
kindly WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC56374 BE PROCESSED
sir MERA APPLICATION MC97164 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
bhai मेरी शिकायत CMP3644 का क्या हुआ
bhai application MC32824 ka status nahi pata
complaint number cmp2238 check karo please
CMP3684 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
kindly 2 WEEKS AGO FILED CMP1021 NOTHING HAPPENED
please tell me status of cmp1252
kab tak resolve hoga CMP6895
water connection application MC60209 ka status
bhai birth certificate application MC83526 ready hai kya
MERI COMPLAINT CMP4002 KA STATUS KYA HAI
hello complaint cmp5925 ka kya hua
hello my complaint cmp3644 still pending
sir I FILED COMPLAINT CMP8311 ONE MONTH AGO NO UPDATE
APPLICATION MC99439 STATUS BATAO
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC72534 BE PROCESSED
plz mera application MC38402 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत cmp6795 का क्या हुआ
sir application mc91778 ka status nahi pata
COMPLAINT NUMBER CMP1747 CHECK KARO PLEASE
cmp3140 complaint registered but no action taken
2 weeks ago filed CMP2417 nothing happened
hello please tell me status of CMP3174
sir KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP4002
kindly water connection application MC33071 ka status
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC96581 READY HAI KYA
kindly meri complaint CMP3944 ka status kya hai
complaint cmp4317 ka kya hua
hello MY COMPLAINT CMP6794 STILL PENDING
hello i filed complaint cmp1894 2 weeks ago no update
plz APPLICATION MC95637 STATUS BATAO
WHEN WILL APPLICATION MC96546 BE PROCESSED
mera application mc62772 kahin khoya to nahi
sir मेरी शिकायत cmp1333 का क्या हुआ
application mc36144 ka status nahi pata
bhai complaint number CMP1747 check karo please
CMP9978 complaint registered but no action taken
plz 2 weeks ago filed cmp3644 nothing happened
please tell me status of cmp8668
plz kab tak resolve hoga CMP6481
bhai water connection application MC80033 ka status
birth certificate application MC89696 ready hai kya
sir meri complaint CMP8850 ka status kya hai
complaint cmp1333 ka kya hua
sir my complaint CMP3059 still pending
i filed complaint cmp9393 3 days ago no update
application mc79574 status batao
kindly when will application MC59018 be processed
sir MERA APPLICATION MC56374 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
मेरी शिकायत CMP4856 का क्या हुआ
bhai APPLICATION MC97396 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
plz complaint number cmp6895 check karo please
kindly CMP3930 complaint registered but no action taken
2 weeks ago filed cmp9400 nothing happened
kindly please tell me status of CMP1955
KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP7528
plz water connection application mc93894 ka status
kindly BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC99693 READY HAI KYA
plz meri complaint cmp1184 ka status kya hai
kindly complaint cmp8550 ka kya hua
MY COMPLAINT CMP3844 STILL PENDING
plz I FILED COMPLAINT CMP5786 2 WEEKS AGO NO UPDATE
application MC37207 status batao
hello when will application mc19488 be processed
sir mera application mc80040 kahin khoya to nahi
मेरी शिकायत cmp5323 का क्या हुआ
plz application MC14927 ka status nahi pata
complaint number cmp7851 check karo please
cmp4002 complaint registered but no action taken
bhai 2 weeks ago filed CMP6391 nothing happened
kindly please tell me status of cmp1070
bhai kab tak resolve hoga cmp2224
kindly WATER CONNECTION APPLICATION MC63723 KA STATUS
plz birth certificate application MC72092 ready hai kya
bhai meri complaint cmp8145 ka status kya hai
complaint cmp3727 ka kya hua
plz my complaint CMP1566 still pending
hello i filed complaint cmp1303 2 weeks ago no update
hello application MC47711 status batao
kindly when will application MC17316 be processed
hello MERA APPLICATION MC70647 KAHIN KHOYA TO NAHI
hello मेरी शिकायत CMP5285 का क्या हुआ
bhai APPLICATION MC36318 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
hello complaint number CMP4009 check karo please
CMP7485 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
hello 2 weeks ago filed cmp7174 nothing happened
plz PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP5731
plz KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP3140
water connection application mc65265 ka status
plz BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLICATION MC59946 READY HAI KYA
meri complaint CMP5171 ka status kya hai
COMPLAINT CMP4761 KA KYA HUA
plz my complaint CMP1184 still pending
bhai i filed complaint cmp5922 3 days ago no update
sir application MC22646 status batao
when will application MC84306 be processed
mera application MC62950 kahin khoya to nahi
kindly मेरी शिकायत CMP2840 का क्या हुआ
APPLICATION MC25363 KA STATUS NAHI PATA
hello complaint number CMP1052 check karo please
kindly cmp6199 complaint registered but no action taken
bhai 2 weeks ago filed CMP7496 nothing happened
sir PLEASE TELL ME STATUS OF CMP3602
kindly KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP5145
sir water connection application MC35333 ka status
kindly birth certificate application mc60209 ready hai kya
kindly meri complaint CMP2334 ka status kya hai
sir complaint cmp8193 ka kya hua
bhai MY COMPLAINT CMP3104 STILL PENDING
hello i filed complaint cmp7843 one month ago no update
sir application mc75954 status batao
plz when will application MC70647 be processed
sir mera application MC32824 kahin khoya to nahi
sir मेरी शिकायत CMP7213 का क्या हुआ
application mc59670 ka status nahi pata
bhai complaint number CMP2840 check karo please
plz CMP7508 COMPLAINT REGISTERED BUT NO ACTION TAKEN
bhai 2 weeks ago filed CMP2184 nothing happened
please tell me status of cmp5710
KAB TAK RESOLVE HOGA CMP6087
sir water connection application mc54151 ka status
bhai birth certificate application MC34373 ready hai kya
aag lag gayi ward 40 mein help karo
FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 15 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
hello ward 22 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
hello manhole mein bacha gira ward 21 please help
child fell in open drain ward 7 emergency
tree fell on road ward 13 blocking traffic
bhai electric wire on road ward 14 live wire dangerous
sir bijli ka taar gira ward 32 log shock kha sakte hain
WARD 49 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 14 please evacuate
BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 41
kindly flood in ward 39 people stuck please help
bhai road cave in ward 35 car fell inside
PIPELINE BLAST WARD 21 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 3 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
SOS open manhole ward 9 no cover
aag lag gayi ward 24 mein help karo
FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 29 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
sir ward 33 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 28 please help
hello CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 23 EMERGENCY
tree fell on road ward 8 blocking traffic
bhai electric wire on road ward 48 live wire dangerous
BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 28 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
kindly ward 10 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
GAS LEAKAGE WARD 14 PLEASE EVACUATE
building collapse ward 46
plz flood in ward 46 people stuck please help
bhai road cave in ward 46 car fell inside
pipeline blast ward 4 water everywhere road closed
HELP aag lag gayi Koramangala fire engine bhejo
SOS open manhole ward 12 no cover
AAG LAG GAYI WARD 30 MEIN HELP KARO
hello FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 20 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
plz ward 27 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
plz manhole mein bacha gira ward 42 please help
plz child fell in open drain ward 29 emergency
tree fell on road ward 14 blocking traffic
bhai ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 15 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
sir bijli ka taar gira ward 46 log shock kha sakte hain
ward 37 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
GAS LEAKAGE WARD 30 PLEASE EVACUATE
building collapse ward 44
hello FLOOD IN WARD 10 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
road cave in ward 36 car fell inside
PIPELINE BLAST WARD 40 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
sir help aag lag gayi ward 16 fire engine bhejo
plz SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 40 NO COVER
aag lag gayi ward 44 mein help karo
hello fire broke out ward 13 call fire brigade
andheri में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
sir MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 43 PLEASE HELP
child fell in open drain Bandra emergency
hello tree fell on road koramangala blocking traffic
electric wire on road ward 45 live wire dangerous
hello bijli ka taar gira ward 34 log shock kha sakte hain
WARD 2 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
bhai GAS LEAKAGE WARD 22 PLEASE EVACUATE
plz BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 41
FLOOD IN WARD 17 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
road cave in ward 3 car fell inside
kindly pipeline blast ward 35 water everywhere road closed
help aag lag gayi ward 24 fire engine bhejo
SOS open manhole ward 7 no cover
plz aag lag gayi ward 33 mein help karo
fire broke out ward 44 call fire brigade
ward 47 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
sir manhole mein bacha gira ward 17 please help
plz child fell in open drain ward 47 emergency
kindly tree fell on road ward 46 blocking traffic
electric wire on road ward 23 live wire dangerous
BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 19 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
kindly ward 39 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
hello GAS LEAKAGE WARD 37 PLEASE EVACUATE
plz building collapse ward 28
bhai FLOOD IN WARD 37 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
plz road cave in ward 21 car fell inside
kindly PIPELINE BLAST WARD 24 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 23 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
plz SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 41 NO COVER
bhai AAG LAG GAYI WARD 5 MEIN HELP KARO
hello fire broke out ward 6 call fire brigade
kindly ward 27 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
sir manhole mein bacha gira ward 1 please help
sir CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 44 EMERGENCY
tree fell on road ward 5 blocking traffic
bhai electric wire on road koramangala live wire dangerous
hello bijli ka taar gira ward 3 log shock kha sakte hain
hello pimpri में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 43 please evacuate
building collapse ward 10
FLOOD IN WARD 28 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
hello road cave in ward 30 car fell inside
bhai PIPELINE BLAST WARD 41 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
help aag lag gayi ward 6 fire engine bhejo
plz sos open manhole ward 9 no cover
kindly AAG LAG GAYI WARD 29 MEIN HELP KARO
fire broke out pimpri call fire brigade
WARD 24 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
kindly manhole mein bacha gira ward 37 please help
bhai child fell in open drain ward 16 emergency
TREE FELL ON ROAD KORAMANGALA BLOCKING TRAFFIC
hello ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 49 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 43 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
hello ward 33 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
kindly gas leakage ward 36 please evacuate
building collapse ward 3
flood in ward 38 people stuck please help
road cave in ward 30 car fell inside
sir PIPELINE BLAST WARD 23 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
help aag lag gayi ward 23 fire engine bhejo
kindly SOS open manhole ward 16 no cover
hello AAG LAG GAYI WARD 33 MEIN HELP KARO
fire broke out ward 27 call fire brigade
bhai WARD 48 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
kindly manhole mein bacha gira ward 4 please help
bhai child fell in open drain pimpri emergency
hello tree fell on road ward 42 blocking traffic
hello ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 26 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
hello BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 46 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
sir ward 7 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
plz gas leakage ward 19 please evacuate
BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 10
kindly flood in ward 13 people stuck please help
road cave in ward 13 car fell inside
pipeline blast bandra water everywhere road closed
HELP aag lag gayi ward 5 fire engine bhejo
bhai sos open manhole ward 46 no cover
AAG LAG GAYI KORAMANGALA MEIN HELP KARO
FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 30 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
hello ward 46 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 23 please help
sir CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 3 EMERGENCY
tree fell on road ward 9 blocking traffic
kindly electric wire on road ward 11 live wire dangerous
plz BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 16 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
kindly ward 18 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
GAS LEAKAGE WARD 14 PLEASE EVACUATE
sir building collapse ward 4
kindly FLOOD IN WARD 34 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
kindly ROAD CAVE IN KORAMANGALA CAR FELL INSIDE
PIPELINE BLAST WARD 19 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
sir help aag lag gayi ward 45 fire engine bhejo
sos open manhole ward 6 no cover
hello aag lag gayi bandra mein help karo
plz fire broke out ward 49 call fire brigade
sir ward 5 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
plz manhole mein bacha gira pimpri please help
plz CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 29 EMERGENCY
sir TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 16 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
kindly electric wire on road ward 42 live wire dangerous
hello bijli ka taar gira ward 10 log shock kha sakte hain
sir ward 26 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
kindly gas leakage ward 48 please evacuate
bhai building collapse ward 43
FLOOD IN WARD 10 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
ROAD CAVE IN WARD 2 CAR FELL INSIDE
pipeline blast ward 3 water everywhere road closed
plz HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 43 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
kindly SOS open manhole ward 34 no cover
aag lag gayi ward 4 mein help karo
sir fire broke out ward 29 call fire brigade
hello ward 9 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 18 PLEASE HELP
hello child fell in open drain ward 25 emergency
sir tree fell on road ward 40 blocking traffic
electric wire on road ward 42 live wire dangerous
BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 15 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
sir WARD 21 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 8 please evacuate
building collapse ward 44
flood in ward 29 people stuck please help
road cave in ward 4 car fell inside
pipeline blast ward 18 water everywhere road closed
kindly HELP aag lag gayi ward 45 fire engine bhejo
bhai sos open manhole ward 20 no cover
aag lag gayi ward 16 mein help karo
plz FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 33 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
ward 38 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
plz manhole mein bacha gira ward 17 please help
sir child fell in open drain pimpri emergency
kindly tree fell on road ward 41 blocking traffic
electric wire on road ward 19 live wire dangerous
plz BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 40 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
sir WARD 14 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
hello GAS LEAKAGE WARD 1 PLEASE EVACUATE
plz building collapse ward 2
plz flood in ward 49 people stuck please help
bhai road cave in ward 25 car fell inside
bhai pipeline blast ward 40 water everywhere road closed
bhai HELP aag lag gayi ward 38 fire engine bhejo
sos open manhole ward 18 no cover
hello AAG LAG GAYI WARD 47 MEIN HELP KARO
hello fire broke out ward 27 call fire brigade
sir ward 21 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
kindly MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 47 PLEASE HELP
CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 47 EMERGENCY
tree fell on road ward 1 blocking traffic
electric wire on road ward 26 live wire dangerous
plz bijli ka taar gira ward 43 log shock kha sakte hain
WARD 20 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
kindly gas leakage ward 40 please evacuate
BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 13
flood in ward 5 people stuck please help
bhai road cave in ward 42 car fell inside
pipeline blast ward 48 water everywhere road closed
sir HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 31 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
hello sos open manhole ward 49 no cover
bhai aag lag gayi ward 1 mein help karo
bhai fire broke out ward 21 call fire brigade
WARD 15 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
plz manhole mein bacha gira ward 4 please help
sir child fell in open drain ward 17 emergency
bhai tree fell on road ward 43 blocking traffic
hello electric wire on road ward 49 live wire dangerous
bhai bijli ka taar gira ward 27 log shock kha sakte hain
ward 22 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
hello GAS LEAKAGE WARD 17 PLEASE EVACUATE
bhai building collapse ward 19
bhai flood in ward 27 people stuck please help
ROAD CAVE IN WARD 21 CAR FELL INSIDE
pipeline blast ward 24 water everywhere road closed
HELP aag lag gayi ward 27 fire engine bhejo
sos open manhole ward 2 no cover
AAG LAG GAYI WARD 32 MEIN HELP KARO
hello fire broke out ward 17 call fire brigade
bhai ANDHERI में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
sir manhole mein bacha gira ward 31 please help
hello child fell in open drain ward 49 emergency
tree fell on road ward 37 blocking traffic
electric wire on road ward 37 live wire dangerous
bijli ka taar gira ward 43 log shock kha sakte hain
hello ward 4 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
hello GAS LEAKAGE WARD 4 PLEASE EVACUATE
plz BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 10
flood in ward 39 people stuck please help
ROAD CAVE IN WARD 33 CAR FELL INSIDE
bhai pipeline blast ward 5 water everywhere road closed
sir help aag lag gayi ward 41 fire engine bhejo
SOS open manhole ward 38 no cover
aag lag gayi ward 36 mein help karo
fire broke out bandra call fire brigade
ward 13 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 6 please help
CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 28 EMERGENCY
sir tree fell on road ward 20 blocking traffic
hello electric wire on road ward 17 live wire dangerous
kindly bijli ka taar gira ward 24 log shock kha sakte hain
kindly bandra में बिजली का तार गिरा है
sir GAS LEAKAGE WARD 13 PLEASE EVACUATE
sir building collapse ward 16
kindly flood in ward 8 people stuck please help
road cave in ward 48 car fell inside
PIPELINE BLAST WARD 14 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
kindly HELP AAG LAG GAYI PIMPRI FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
bhai SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 17 NO COVER
sir AAG LAG GAYI WARD 34 MEIN HELP KARO
bhai fire broke out Andheri call fire brigade
bhai ward 15 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 42 please help
bhai child fell in open drain ward 2 emergency
tree fell on road ward 24 blocking traffic
bhai electric wire on road ward 8 live wire dangerous
kindly bijli ka taar gira ward 18 log shock kha sakte hain
sir WARD 44 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 22 please evacuate
hello building collapse ward 48
hello flood in ward 25 people stuck please help
road cave in ward 14 car fell inside
hello PIPELINE BLAST PIMPRI WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
kindly HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 8 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
SOS open manhole ward 7 no cover
kindly AAG LAG GAYI WARD 41 MEIN HELP KARO
hello fire broke out ward 17 call fire brigade
sir ward 2 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 10 please help
plz child fell in open drain ward 39 emergency
sir tree fell on road ward 44 blocking traffic
electric wire on road ward 37 live wire dangerous
hello bijli ka taar gira ward 9 log shock kha sakte hain
hello WARD 33 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 9 please evacuate
building collapse ward 21
flood in ward 30 people stuck please help
hello road cave in ward 3 car fell inside
sir PIPELINE BLAST WARD 48 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
kindly HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 18 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
SOS open manhole ward 7 no cover
bhai aag lag gayi ward 8 mein help karo
fire broke out ward 21 call fire brigade
WARD 15 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 2 PLEASE HELP
CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 5 EMERGENCY
sir TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 42 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
plz electric wire on road ward 14 live wire dangerous
plz bijli ka taar gira ward 23 log shock kha sakte hain
hello ward 4 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
plz gas leakage ward 37 please evacuate
building collapse ward 28
flood in ward 17 people stuck please help
road cave in ward 3 car fell inside
pipeline blast ward 3 water everywhere road closed
HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 27 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
kindly SOS open manhole ward 21 no cover
aag lag gayi ward 45 mein help karo
kindly fire broke out ward 11 call fire brigade
ward 8 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
sir manhole mein bacha gira ward 31 please help
child fell in open drain ward 15 emergency
plz TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 46 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
electric wire on road ward 19 live wire dangerous
plz bijli ka taar gira ward 17 log shock kha sakte hain
ward 5 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 25 please evacuate
sir BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 47
hello FLOOD IN WARD 45 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
sir road cave in ward 8 car fell inside
kindly pipeline blast ward 31 water everywhere road closed
hello HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 44 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
plz sos open manhole ward 18 no cover
aag lag gayi ward 8 mein help karo
FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 44 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
sir ward 32 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
sir manhole mein bacha gira ward 23 please help
plz child fell in open drain ward 3 emergency
plz TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 5 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
kindly electric wire on road ward 8 live wire dangerous
bijli ka taar gira ward 22 log shock kha sakte hain
hello ward 45 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
hello gas leakage ward 6 please evacuate
plz building collapse ward 27
bhai flood in ward 39 people stuck please help
bhai road cave in ward 16 car fell inside
PIPELINE BLAST PIMPRI WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
plz HELP aag lag gayi ward 37 fire engine bhejo
hello SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 42 NO COVER
AAG LAG GAYI WARD 17 MEIN HELP KARO
fire broke out ward 12 call fire brigade
andheri में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
kindly manhole mein bacha gira ward 29 please help
kindly child fell in open drain ward 34 emergency
kindly tree fell on road ward 20 blocking traffic
electric wire on road ward 11 live wire dangerous
kindly BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 31 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
ward 22 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
GAS LEAKAGE WARD 13 PLEASE EVACUATE
hello building collapse ward 10
flood in ward 36 people stuck please help
sir road cave in ward 36 car fell inside
bhai pipeline blast ward 40 water everywhere road closed
help aag lag gayi ward 24 fire engine bhejo
SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 23 NO COVER
aag lag gayi ward 35 mein help karo
plz FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 20 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
plz WARD 9 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
bhai manhole mein bacha gira ward 30 please help
CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 47 EMERGENCY
tree fell on road ward 33 blocking traffic
kindly ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 27 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
hello bijli ka taar gira ward 28 log shock kha sakte hain
ward 21 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
GAS LEAKAGE WARD 26 PLEASE EVACUATE
building collapse ward 16
hello flood in ward 22 people stuck please help
ROAD CAVE IN WARD 22 CAR FELL INSIDE
bhai pipeline blast pimpri water everywhere road closed
sir HELP aag lag gayi ward 19 fire engine bhejo
plz SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 15 NO COVER
AAG LAG GAYI WARD 48 MEIN HELP KARO
fire broke out ward 33 call fire brigade
sir Pimpri में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 18 PLEASE HELP
plz CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 35 EMERGENCY
sir tree fell on road ward 38 blocking traffic
kindly electric wire on road ward 41 live wire dangerous
BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA PIMPRI LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
kindly WARD 40 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 10 please evacuate
building collapse ward 10
sir flood in pimpri people stuck please help
ROAD CAVE IN WARD 39 CAR FELL INSIDE
kindly PIPELINE BLAST WARD 43 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
sir HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 47 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
SOS open manhole ward 18 no cover
plz aag lag gayi ward 48 mein help karo
fire broke out Bandra call fire brigade
kindly WARD 22 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
bhai MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 25 PLEASE HELP
child fell in open drain ward 38 emergency
kindly TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 13 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
bhai electric wire on road ward 30 live wire dangerous
hello BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 8 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
ward 49 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 35 please evacuate
BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 38
bhai flood in ward 43 people stuck please help
kindly road cave in ward 5 car fell inside
pipeline blast ward 18 water everywhere road closed
hello HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 17 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
plz SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 19 NO COVER
aag lag gayi ward 34 mein help karo
plz fire broke out ward 5 call fire brigade
kindly WARD 9 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
hello manhole mein bacha gira ward 12 please help
plz child fell in open drain bandra emergency
bhai TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 42 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
bhai electric wire on road ward 49 live wire dangerous
sir bijli ka taar gira ward 29 log shock kha sakte hain
plz WARD 10 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 11 please evacuate
hello building collapse ward 40
flood in Bandra people stuck please help
sir road cave in ward 40 car fell inside
bhai PIPELINE BLAST WARD 37 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
HELP AAG LAG GAYI PIMPRI FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
sir SOS open manhole ward 45 no cover
hello AAG LAG GAYI PIMPRI MEIN HELP KARO
plz FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 44 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
sir ward 41 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
kindly MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 12 PLEASE HELP
kindly child fell in open drain ward 37 emergency
hello tree fell on road ward 16 blocking traffic
bhai electric wire on road ward 33 live wire dangerous
BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 46 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
sir KORAMANGALA में बिजली का तार गिरा है
bhai gas leakage ward 21 please evacuate
BUILDING COLLAPSE PIMPRI
hello flood in ward 9 people stuck please help
plz ROAD CAVE IN WARD 35 CAR FELL INSIDE
sir pipeline blast ward 49 water everywhere road closed
plz HELP aag lag gayi ward 3 fire engine bhejo
SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 17 NO COVER
AAG LAG GAYI WARD 34 MEIN HELP KARO
bhai FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 5 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
ward 8 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
plz manhole mein bacha gira ward 19 please help
plz child fell in open drain ward 4 emergency
sir tree fell on road ward 18 blocking traffic
sir electric wire on road ward 19 live wire dangerous
BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 13 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
Andheri में बिजली का तार गिरा है
sir gas leakage ward 30 please evacuate
BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 8
kindly flood in ward 25 people stuck please help
ROAD CAVE IN WARD 7 CAR FELL INSIDE
sir pipeline blast ward 27 water everywhere road closed
sir help aag lag gayi ward 39 fire engine bhejo
sos open manhole ward 2 no cover
bhai aag lag gayi ward 18 mein help karo
fire broke out ward 8 call fire brigade
sir WARD 49 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 9 please help
plz CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 43 EMERGENCY
hello tree fell on road ward 9 blocking traffic
hello electric wire on road ward 26 live wire dangerous
bijli ka taar gira ward 35 log shock kha sakte hain
ward 27 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
bhai gas leakage ward 44 please evacuate
sir BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 35
kindly flood in ward 24 people stuck please help
kindly ROAD CAVE IN WARD 23 CAR FELL INSIDE
plz PIPELINE BLAST WARD 14 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
bhai HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 47 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
plz SOS open manhole ward 12 no cover
plz aag lag gayi ward 20 mein help karo
hello FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 45 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
sir ward 24 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
hello MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 18 PLEASE HELP
sir child fell in open drain ward 36 emergency
bhai tree fell on road ward 3 blocking traffic
sir ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 28 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
bijli ka taar gira ward 32 log shock kha sakte hain
kindly Andheri में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 16 please evacuate
bhai building collapse ward 28
kindly FLOOD IN KORAMANGALA PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
sir road cave in pimpri car fell inside
plz pipeline blast ward 4 water everywhere road closed
help aag lag gayi ward 12 fire engine bhejo
bhai SOS OPEN MANHOLE KORAMANGALA NO COVER
sir aag lag gayi ward 29 mein help karo
fire broke out ward 18 call fire brigade
bhai WARD 13 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
kindly manhole mein bacha gira ward 31 please help
child fell in open drain ward 12 emergency
plz tree fell on road ward 28 blocking traffic
plz ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 39 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
kindly bijli ka taar gira ward 26 log shock kha sakte hain
kindly ward 4 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
GAS LEAKAGE WARD 37 PLEASE EVACUATE
hello building collapse ward 41
FLOOD IN WARD 40 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
hello road cave in ward 41 car fell inside
hello PIPELINE BLAST WARD 9 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
bhai HELP aag lag gayi ward 15 fire engine bhejo
sir sos open manhole ward 6 no cover
aag lag gayi ward 34 mein help karo
fire broke out ward 37 call fire brigade
kindly ward 8 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 2 please help
child fell in open drain ward 28 emergency
TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 9 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
electric wire on road ward 34 live wire dangerous
hello bijli ka taar gira ward 32 log shock kha sakte hain
hello ward 43 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
sir GAS LEAKAGE WARD 21 PLEASE EVACUATE
sir building collapse koramangala
plz FLOOD IN WARD 42 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
hello road cave in ward 29 car fell inside
PIPELINE BLAST WARD 33 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
sir HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 34 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
hello sos open manhole ward 15 no cover
aag lag gayi ward 7 mein help karo
fire broke out ward 49 call fire brigade
kindly ward 6 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
bhai MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 10 PLEASE HELP
child fell in open drain ward 45 emergency
TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 24 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
electric wire on road ward 24 live wire dangerous
BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 31 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
WARD 24 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 6 please evacuate
sir building collapse ward 5
plz flood in ward 20 people stuck please help
hello road cave in koramangala car fell inside
pipeline blast ward 23 water everywhere road closed
HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 10 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
hello SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 9 NO COVER
kindly aag lag gayi ward 26 mein help karo
FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 34 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
ward 23 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 8 PLEASE HELP
bhai child fell in open drain ward 16 emergency
kindly TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 34 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
plz ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 44 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
plz bijli ka taar gira ward 41 log shock kha sakte hain
ward 45 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
plz GAS LEAKAGE WARD 35 PLEASE EVACUATE
BUILDING COLLAPSE KORAMANGALA
sir flood in ward 1 people stuck please help
bhai ROAD CAVE IN WARD 21 CAR FELL INSIDE
pipeline blast ward 42 water everywhere road closed
help aag lag gayi ward 30 fire engine bhejo
kindly SOS open manhole Bandra no cover
sir AAG LAG GAYI WARD 30 MEIN HELP KARO
bhai fire broke out ward 1 call fire brigade
hello WARD 36 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
plz manhole mein bacha gira ward 2 please help
child fell in open drain ward 11 emergency
tree fell on road ward 33 blocking traffic
ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 33 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
hello bijli ka taar gira ward 9 log shock kha sakte hain
kindly WARD 40 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
GAS LEAKAGE WARD 18 PLEASE EVACUATE
sir building collapse ward 42
flood in ward 6 people stuck please help
sir ROAD CAVE IN WARD 39 CAR FELL INSIDE
pipeline blast ward 29 water everywhere road closed
bhai HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 12 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
sos open manhole ward 41 no cover
aag lag gayi ward 29 mein help karo
plz fire broke out ward 39 call fire brigade
plz WARD 46 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
hello MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 44 PLEASE HELP
plz child fell in open drain ward 1 emergency
TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 22 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
plz electric wire on road ward 28 live wire dangerous
kindly bijli ka taar gira ward 14 log shock kha sakte hain
sir ward 24 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 1 please evacuate
building collapse ward 25
bhai flood in ward 1 people stuck please help
ROAD CAVE IN PIMPRI CAR FELL INSIDE
bhai pipeline blast ward 39 water everywhere road closed
bhai HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 28 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
sos open manhole ward 3 no cover
AAG LAG GAYI WARD 10 MEIN HELP KARO
FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 23 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
hello ward 49 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 11 please help
CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 8 EMERGENCY
kindly tree fell on road ward 3 blocking traffic
electric wire on road ward 47 live wire dangerous
kindly bijli ka taar gira ward 12 log shock kha sakte hain
WARD 24 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
sir gas leakage ward 44 please evacuate
building collapse ward 35
hello FLOOD IN ANDHERI PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
road cave in ward 12 car fell inside
bhai pipeline blast ward 1 water everywhere road closed
kindly HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 16 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
sos open manhole ward 39 no cover
plz AAG LAG GAYI WARD 28 MEIN HELP KARO
bhai fire broke out ward 14 call fire brigade
hello WARD 23 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
plz manhole mein bacha gira ward 44 please help
kindly CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 3 EMERGENCY
sir TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 45 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
hello ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 11 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
bijli ka taar gira ward 46 log shock kha sakte hain
plz ward 6 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
plz gas leakage koramangala please evacuate
hello building collapse ward 33
FLOOD IN WARD 48 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
sir ROAD CAVE IN PIMPRI CAR FELL INSIDE
sir pipeline blast ward 42 water everywhere road closed
bhai HELP aag lag gayi ward 12 fire engine bhejo
plz SOS open manhole ward 29 no cover
kindly aag lag gayi ward 30 mein help karo
plz fire broke out ward 20 call fire brigade
ward 23 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 16 please help
child fell in open drain ward 49 emergency
TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 48 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
electric wire on road ward 16 live wire dangerous
bhai bijli ka taar gira ward 25 log shock kha sakte hain
kindly andheri में बिजली का तार गिरा है
kindly gas leakage ward 10 please evacuate
BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 29
plz flood in ward 23 people stuck please help
kindly road cave in Koramangala car fell inside
PIPELINE BLAST WARD 9 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
hello HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 47 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 12 NO COVER
aag lag gayi ward 24 mein help karo
hello FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 35 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
kindly ward 30 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
sir manhole mein bacha gira Pimpri please help
sir child fell in open drain ward 1 emergency
sir TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 4 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
electric wire on road ward 16 live wire dangerous
bijli ka taar gira ward 14 log shock kha sakte hain
plz WARD 20 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
kindly gas leakage ward 8 please evacuate
building collapse ward 39
hello flood in ward 45 people stuck please help
hello ROAD CAVE IN ANDHERI CAR FELL INSIDE
kindly pipeline blast ward 39 water everywhere road closed
bhai HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 10 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
plz SOS open manhole ward 27 no cover
AAG LAG GAYI WARD 7 MEIN HELP KARO
bhai fire broke out ward 43 call fire brigade
WARD 48 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
bhai manhole mein bacha gira ward 48 please help
CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 28 EMERGENCY
bhai tree fell on road ward 38 blocking traffic
ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD ANDHERI LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
bijli ka taar gira ward 28 log shock kha sakte hain
ward 13 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
GAS LEAKAGE WARD 48 PLEASE EVACUATE
BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 4
hello flood in ward 3 people stuck please help
kindly ROAD CAVE IN WARD 14 CAR FELL INSIDE
bhai pipeline blast Bandra water everywhere road closed
hello HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 47 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
kindly sos open manhole pimpri no cover
bhai AAG LAG GAYI KORAMANGALA MEIN HELP KARO
plz FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 20 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
WARD 16 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 29 please help
kindly CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 26 EMERGENCY
bhai TREE FELL ON ROAD PIMPRI BLOCKING TRAFFIC
hello electric wire on road ward 37 live wire dangerous
sir BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 26 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
plz ward 1 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
kindly gas leakage ward 34 please evacuate
building collapse ward 29
FLOOD IN WARD 48 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
road cave in ward 23 car fell inside
kindly pipeline blast ward 34 water everywhere road closed
plz HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 32 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
kindly SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 38 NO COVER
kindly AAG LAG GAYI WARD 7 MEIN HELP KARO
kindly fire broke out ward 20 call fire brigade
sir ward 45 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 44 please help
CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 12 EMERGENCY
bhai TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 49 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
bhai electric wire on road ward 14 live wire dangerous
bhai bijli ka taar gira ward 16 log shock kha sakte hain
plz BANDRA में बिजली का तार गिरा है
sir GAS LEAKAGE PIMPRI PLEASE EVACUATE
building collapse ward 43
FLOOD IN WARD 8 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
hello road cave in ward 21 car fell inside
bhai pipeline blast ward 49 water everywhere road closed
sir HELP aag lag gayi ward 46 fire engine bhejo
plz SOS open manhole Bandra no cover
sir aag lag gayi ward 20 mein help karo
FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 43 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
bhai ward 27 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
hello MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 9 PLEASE HELP
sir child fell in open drain ward 23 emergency
plz TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 10 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
electric wire on road andheri live wire dangerous
bijli ka taar gira ward 32 log shock kha sakte hain
kindly ward 42 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
hello gas leakage ward 35 please evacuate
BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 37
flood in ward 34 people stuck please help
sir road cave in ward 10 car fell inside
PIPELINE BLAST BANDRA WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
sir HELP aag lag gayi ward 5 fire engine bhejo
kindly sos open manhole ward 48 no cover
sir aag lag gayi ward 42 mein help karo
fire broke out Andheri call fire brigade
WARD 35 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 40 PLEASE HELP
plz child fell in open drain ward 39 emergency
TREE FELL ON ROAD BANDRA BLOCKING TRAFFIC
ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 8 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
hello BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 37 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
ward 33 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
plz gas leakage ward 32 please evacuate
BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 37
sir flood in ward 3 people stuck please help
bhai road cave in ward 36 car fell inside
pipeline blast ward 37 water everywhere road closed
kindly HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 24 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
SOS open manhole Andheri no cover
bhai AAG LAG GAYI WARD 5 MEIN HELP KARO
hello FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 35 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
ward 12 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 27 please help
sir child fell in open drain ward 44 emergency
TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 25 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
kindly electric wire on road ward 22 live wire dangerous
bijli ka taar gira ward 24 log shock kha sakte hain
ward 2 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
GAS LEAKAGE WARD 4 PLEASE EVACUATE
sir BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 26
flood in ward 41 people stuck please help
sir road cave in ward 29 car fell inside
pipeline blast ward 29 water everywhere road closed
HELP aag lag gayi ward 14 fire engine bhejo
sir SOS open manhole ward 33 no cover
hello aag lag gayi bandra mein help karo
fire broke out ward 40 call fire brigade
WARD 19 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 28 please help
kindly child fell in open drain ward 32 emergency
kindly TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 10 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
plz electric wire on road ward 4 live wire dangerous
BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 31 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
ward 3 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 4 please evacuate
BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 30
hello FLOOD IN WARD 26 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
plz ROAD CAVE IN WARD 14 CAR FELL INSIDE
bhai PIPELINE BLAST WARD 39 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
kindly HELP aag lag gayi ward 16 fire engine bhejo
sos open manhole ward 16 no cover
sir AAG LAG GAYI WARD 15 MEIN HELP KARO
plz FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 6 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
plz ward 11 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
bhai manhole mein bacha gira ward 26 please help
kindly CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 32 EMERGENCY
tree fell on road ward 47 blocking traffic
kindly electric wire on road ward 46 live wire dangerous
bijli ka taar gira ward 2 log shock kha sakte hain
WARD 39 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
hello gas leakage ward 4 please evacuate
hello building collapse ward 20
flood in ward 44 people stuck please help
plz ROAD CAVE IN WARD 1 CAR FELL INSIDE
pipeline blast ward 36 water everywhere road closed
help aag lag gayi ward 13 fire engine bhejo
plz sos open manhole ward 36 no cover
sir AAG LAG GAYI BANDRA MEIN HELP KARO
plz fire broke out ward 22 call fire brigade
hello ward 34 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 2 please help
bhai child fell in open drain bandra emergency
plz TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 10 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
electric wire on road ward 8 live wire dangerous
BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 26 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
pimpri में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 17 please evacuate
kindly building collapse ward 49
flood in ward 29 people stuck please help
bhai road cave in ward 2 car fell inside
PIPELINE BLAST PIMPRI WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
HELP aag lag gayi ward 4 fire engine bhejo
bhai SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 42 NO COVER
bhai aag lag gayi ward 26 mein help karo
fire broke out ward 43 call fire brigade
ward 42 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
hello manhole mein bacha gira Koramangala please help
kindly CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 44 EMERGENCY
hello tree fell on road ward 26 blocking traffic
sir electric wire on road ward 23 live wire dangerous
plz bijli ka taar gira ward 32 log shock kha sakte hain
WARD 41 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
bhai GAS LEAKAGE WARD 32 PLEASE EVACUATE
sir building collapse ward 44
flood in ward 46 people stuck please help
kindly road cave in koramangala car fell inside
plz pipeline blast ward 10 water everywhere road closed
help aag lag gayi ward 4 fire engine bhejo
plz sos open manhole ward 29 no cover
plz aag lag gayi ward 20 mein help karo
hello fire broke out ward 4 call fire brigade
ward 8 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
kindly manhole mein bacha gira ward 35 please help
kindly child fell in open drain ward 14 emergency
TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 28 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
electric wire on road ward 2 live wire dangerous
hello BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 31 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
bhai Bandra में बिजली का तार गिरा है
bhai gas leakage ward 42 please evacuate
hello building collapse ward 35
bhai FLOOD IN BANDRA PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
kindly road cave in ward 43 car fell inside
kindly pipeline blast ward 12 water everywhere road closed
sir HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 11 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
SOS open manhole ward 42 no cover
AAG LAG GAYI WARD 24 MEIN HELP KARO
sir fire broke out ward 37 call fire brigade
hello ward 48 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
hello MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 48 PLEASE HELP
bhai child fell in open drain ward 30 emergency
bhai TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 8 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 43 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
bhai bijli ka taar gira ward 45 log shock kha sakte hain
kindly WARD 43 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
plz gas leakage ward 45 please evacuate
hello BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 27
bhai flood in Andheri people stuck please help
ROAD CAVE IN WARD 22 CAR FELL INSIDE
bhai PIPELINE BLAST WARD 40 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
kindly HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 20 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
kindly SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 3 NO COVER
sir AAG LAG GAYI BANDRA MEIN HELP KARO
FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 1 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
plz koramangala में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 7 please help
CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 28 EMERGENCY
hello tree fell on road ward 2 blocking traffic
plz electric wire on road ward 31 live wire dangerous
bijli ka taar gira ward 38 log shock kha sakte hain
ward 20 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 6 please evacuate
building collapse ward 22
sir flood in ward 3 people stuck please help
ROAD CAVE IN WARD 20 CAR FELL INSIDE
PIPELINE BLAST WARD 23 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
bhai HELP aag lag gayi ward 41 fire engine bhejo
hello sos open manhole ward 49 no cover
bhai aag lag gayi ward 1 mein help karo
fire broke out ward 31 call fire brigade
WARD 42 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
sir manhole mein bacha gira ward 29 please help
child fell in open drain pimpri emergency
kindly tree fell on road Pimpri blocking traffic
hello electric wire on road ward 14 live wire dangerous
hello BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 8 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
WARD 1 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
hello GAS LEAKAGE WARD 35 PLEASE EVACUATE
bhai building collapse ward 47
sir flood in ward 36 people stuck please help
ROAD CAVE IN WARD 27 CAR FELL INSIDE
sir PIPELINE BLAST WARD 20 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 2 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
plz SOS open manhole ward 36 no cover
bhai aag lag gayi ward 32 mein help karo
fire broke out ward 41 call fire brigade
ward 14 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
plz MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA BANDRA PLEASE HELP
kindly CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 41 EMERGENCY
TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 46 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
sir ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 49 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
kindly BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 42 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
ward 38 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
bhai GAS LEAKAGE WARD 28 PLEASE EVACUATE
building collapse pimpri
bhai flood in ward 48 people stuck please help
kindly road cave in Andheri car fell inside
pipeline blast ward 17 water everywhere road closed
bhai HELP AAG LAG GAYI BANDRA FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
plz sos open manhole ward 28 no cover
AAG LAG GAYI WARD 32 MEIN HELP KARO
fire broke out ward 39 call fire brigade
kindly ward 14 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 23 please help
child fell in open drain ward 10 emergency
hello tree fell on road ward 46 blocking traffic
kindly ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD PIMPRI LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
plz bijli ka taar gira ward 30 log shock kha sakte hain
sir WARD 22 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
plz gas leakage ward 21 please evacuate
plz BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 42
hello flood in ward 27 people stuck please help
road cave in ward 39 car fell inside
pipeline blast ward 28 water everywhere road closed
HELP aag lag gayi ward 12 fire engine bhejo
hello SOS open manhole ward 20 no cover
kindly aag lag gayi ward 4 mein help karo
bhai fire broke out ward 19 call fire brigade
sir ward 40 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
sir manhole mein bacha gira ward 41 please help
child fell in open drain ward 33 emergency
tree fell on road ward 5 blocking traffic
sir ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 30 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 31 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
sir ward 43 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
bhai gas leakage ward 35 please evacuate
plz building collapse ward 49
hello FLOOD IN WARD 9 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
road cave in Koramangala car fell inside
PIPELINE BLAST WARD 32 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
plz help aag lag gayi ward 48 fire engine bhejo
sir SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 43 NO COVER
hello aag lag gayi pimpri mein help karo
fire broke out ward 48 call fire brigade
WARD 44 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
bhai MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA BANDRA PLEASE HELP
hello CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 43 EMERGENCY
tree fell on road ward 36 blocking traffic
electric wire on road ward 35 live wire dangerous
bijli ka taar gira bandra log shock kha sakte hain
plz WARD 20 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
bhai gas leakage ward 49 please evacuate
BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 11
plz flood in ward 31 people stuck please help
road cave in ward 48 car fell inside
sir PIPELINE BLAST WARD 39 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
sir help aag lag gayi ward 30 fire engine bhejo
sos open manhole ward 36 no cover
plz AAG LAG GAYI WARD 48 MEIN HELP KARO
hello fire broke out Koramangala call fire brigade
ward 33 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
kindly manhole mein bacha gira ward 19 please help
kindly CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 4 EMERGENCY
sir tree fell on road ward 15 blocking traffic
hello ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 1 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
bijli ka taar gira ward 29 log shock kha sakte hain
ward 25 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 31 please evacuate
building collapse ward 15
flood in ward 18 people stuck please help
ROAD CAVE IN WARD 45 CAR FELL INSIDE
plz pipeline blast ward 6 water everywhere road closed
plz HELP AAG LAG GAYI PIMPRI FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
bhai SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 6 NO COVER
kindly aag lag gayi ward 31 mein help karo
plz fire broke out ward 19 call fire brigade
bhai WARD 9 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 29 please help
sir CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 25 EMERGENCY
tree fell on road ward 9 blocking traffic
plz electric wire on road ward 39 live wire dangerous
kindly bijli ka taar gira ward 34 log shock kha sakte hain
bhai ward 3 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 17 please evacuate
hello building collapse ward 36
plz flood in ward 25 people stuck please help
road cave in ward 12 car fell inside
pipeline blast ward 11 water everywhere road closed
sir HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 44 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
kindly sos open manhole ward 20 no cover
bhai aag lag gayi ward 20 mein help karo
kindly fire broke out ward 35 call fire brigade
sir ward 11 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 9 please help
child fell in open drain ward 24 emergency
tree fell on road ward 9 blocking traffic
plz ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 31 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
bhai BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 29 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
WARD 12 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
hello gas leakage ward 32 please evacuate
plz building collapse ward 30
sir flood in ward 42 people stuck please help
sir ROAD CAVE IN WARD 40 CAR FELL INSIDE
bhai pipeline blast ward 24 water everywhere road closed
plz HELP aag lag gayi ward 37 fire engine bhejo
sir SOS open manhole ward 48 no cover
bhai AAG LAG GAYI WARD 45 MEIN HELP KARO
kindly fire broke out ward 20 call fire brigade
WARD 42 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 29 please help
sir child fell in open drain ward 11 emergency
TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 27 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
electric wire on road ward 40 live wire dangerous
bijli ka taar gira ward 24 log shock kha sakte hain
plz WARD 41 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 30 please evacuate
building collapse ward 46
FLOOD IN WARD 24 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
ROAD CAVE IN WARD 21 CAR FELL INSIDE
pipeline blast ward 34 water everywhere road closed
HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 19 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
sir SOS open manhole ward 44 no cover
aag lag gayi ward 29 mein help karo
hello fire broke out ward 9 call fire brigade
bhai ward 45 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
bhai manhole mein bacha gira ward 40 please help
child fell in open drain ward 10 emergency
tree fell on road ward 30 blocking traffic
sir electric wire on road ward 33 live wire dangerous
hello BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 31 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
kindly ward 28 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 42 please evacuate
kindly BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 21
kindly flood in ward 41 people stuck please help
sir road cave in ward 14 car fell inside
plz pipeline blast ward 40 water everywhere road closed
kindly help aag lag gayi ward 40 fire engine bhejo
bhai SOS open manhole ward 3 no cover
bhai aag lag gayi ward 42 mein help karo
plz fire broke out Pimpri call fire brigade
plz ward 24 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 7 PLEASE HELP
plz child fell in open drain ward 16 emergency
tree fell on road ward 18 blocking traffic
ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 26 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
bijli ka taar gira ward 3 log shock kha sakte hain
plz ward 17 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
plz gas leakage ward 17 please evacuate
building collapse ward 17
flood in ward 38 people stuck please help
road cave in ward 15 car fell inside
plz pipeline blast ward 2 water everywhere road closed
sir help aag lag gayi pimpri fire engine bhejo
kindly sos open manhole ward 33 no cover
AAG LAG GAYI WARD 40 MEIN HELP KARO
sir fire broke out ward 1 call fire brigade
bhai WARD 41 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
hello manhole mein bacha gira ward 37 please help
sir child fell in open drain ward 23 emergency
hello tree fell on road ward 7 blocking traffic
ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 23 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
bhai bijli ka taar gira ward 22 log shock kha sakte hain
sir ward 8 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 5 please evacuate
BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 39
plz flood in ward 18 people stuck please help
bhai road cave in ward 5 car fell inside
pipeline blast ward 47 water everywhere road closed
plz help aag lag gayi ward 9 fire engine bhejo
SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 42 NO COVER
bhai aag lag gayi ward 36 mein help karo
fire broke out ward 17 call fire brigade
hello ward 12 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
sir MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA PIMPRI PLEASE HELP
CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 13 EMERGENCY
TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 46 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
bhai ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD KORAMANGALA LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
kindly bijli ka taar gira ward 34 log shock kha sakte hain
sir ward 6 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 29 please evacuate
BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 41
hello FLOOD IN WARD 14 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
ROAD CAVE IN WARD 21 CAR FELL INSIDE
sir pipeline blast ward 23 water everywhere road closed
HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 38 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
sos open manhole ward 40 no cover
bhai aag lag gayi ward 31 mein help karo
fire broke out ward 32 call fire brigade
plz ward 2 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 41 please help
kindly child fell in open drain ward 35 emergency
bhai tree fell on road ward 43 blocking traffic
hello electric wire on road Andheri live wire dangerous
hello bijli ka taar gira ward 16 log shock kha sakte hain
bhai ward 8 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 27 please evacuate
plz BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 40
bhai flood in ward 12 people stuck please help
plz road cave in andheri car fell inside
PIPELINE BLAST WARD 13 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
plz HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 10 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
hello SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 39 NO COVER
hello AAG LAG GAYI WARD 45 MEIN HELP KARO
FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 29 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
ward 16 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
hello MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 34 PLEASE HELP
child fell in open drain Pimpri emergency
tree fell on road ward 40 blocking traffic
electric wire on road ward 41 live wire dangerous
sir BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 8 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
kindly ward 26 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
sir GAS LEAKAGE WARD 6 PLEASE EVACUATE
bhai building collapse ward 30
flood in ward 29 people stuck please help
sir ROAD CAVE IN WARD 34 CAR FELL INSIDE
bhai PIPELINE BLAST WARD 23 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
hello HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 42 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
kindly SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 9 NO COVER
AAG LAG GAYI WARD 29 MEIN HELP KARO
hello FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 47 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
WARD 2 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
bhai MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 44 PLEASE HELP
plz child fell in open drain ward 39 emergency
sir TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 18 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
electric wire on road ward 44 live wire dangerous
bijli ka taar gira ward 38 log shock kha sakte hain
ward 5 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
bhai gas leakage ward 10 please evacuate
kindly building collapse ward 8
flood in ward 1 people stuck please help
bhai road cave in ward 5 car fell inside
hello pipeline blast ward 36 water everywhere road closed
help aag lag gayi ward 9 fire engine bhejo
plz sos open manhole ward 39 no cover
aag lag gayi ward 3 mein help karo
FIRE BROKE OUT WARD 8 CALL FIRE BRIGADE
kindly WARD 42 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
sir MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 44 PLEASE HELP
sir CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 37 EMERGENCY
sir tree fell on road ward 16 blocking traffic
bhai electric wire on road ward 5 live wire dangerous
bhai BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 2 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
kindly WARD 2 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
sir GAS LEAKAGE WARD 18 PLEASE EVACUATE
kindly building collapse ward 18
sir flood in ward 28 people stuck please help
bhai ROAD CAVE IN WARD 32 CAR FELL INSIDE
bhai PIPELINE BLAST WARD 11 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
hello HELP aag lag gayi ward 20 fire engine bhejo
hello sos open manhole ward 26 no cover
sir aag lag gayi ward 35 mein help karo
fire broke out ward 26 call fire brigade
plz ward 20 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
bhai manhole mein bacha gira ward 41 please help
plz CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 44 EMERGENCY
sir TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 21 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
kindly ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 4 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
bijli ka taar gira ward 37 log shock kha sakte hain
WARD 22 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
plz GAS LEAKAGE WARD 17 PLEASE EVACUATE
hello building collapse ward 1
flood in ward 39 people stuck please help
road cave in andheri car fell inside
PIPELINE BLAST WARD 45 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
bhai HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 47 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
sir SOS open manhole Koramangala no cover
bhai aag lag gayi ward 42 mein help karo
FIRE BROKE OUT KORAMANGALA CALL FIRE BRIGADE
ward 28 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira bandra please help
kindly child fell in open drain ward 32 emergency
tree fell on road ward 31 blocking traffic
ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 44 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
plz BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 6 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
kindly ward 33 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
GAS LEAKAGE WARD 31 PLEASE EVACUATE
sir building collapse ward 35
FLOOD IN WARD 40 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
bhai ROAD CAVE IN WARD 48 CAR FELL INSIDE
hello PIPELINE BLAST WARD 20 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
HELP aag lag gayi ward 23 fire engine bhejo
bhai SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 6 NO COVER
bhai aag lag gayi ward 4 mein help karo
plz fire broke out ward 48 call fire brigade
ward 31 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
kindly manhole mein bacha gira ward 23 please help
kindly child fell in open drain ward 13 emergency
tree fell on road ward 27 blocking traffic
bhai ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 2 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
bhai bijli ka taar gira ward 47 log shock kha sakte hain
kindly WARD 38 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 32 please evacuate
sir BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 41
hello flood in pimpri people stuck please help
hello road cave in ward 34 car fell inside
hello pipeline blast ward 15 water everywhere road closed
help aag lag gayi ward 14 fire engine bhejo
SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 31 NO COVER
bhai aag lag gayi ward 39 mein help karo
sir fire broke out ward 11 call fire brigade
kindly WARD 30 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
kindly manhole mein bacha gira ward 4 please help
hello CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 25 EMERGENCY
bhai TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 12 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
electric wire on road ward 4 live wire dangerous
hello bijli ka taar gira ward 9 log shock kha sakte hain
sir ward 6 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 20 please evacuate
building collapse koramangala
FLOOD IN WARD 43 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
kindly ROAD CAVE IN WARD 47 CAR FELL INSIDE
pipeline blast ward 35 water everywhere road closed
kindly help aag lag gayi ward 33 fire engine bhejo
hello SOS open manhole ward 3 no cover
aag lag gayi ward 48 mein help karo
kindly fire broke out ward 18 call fire brigade
hello ward 46 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
manhole mein bacha gira ward 30 please help
plz CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 27 EMERGENCY
tree fell on road ward 31 blocking traffic
sir electric wire on road ward 6 live wire dangerous
BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 20 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
ward 31 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
hello GAS LEAKAGE WARD 33 PLEASE EVACUATE
building collapse ward 25
bhai flood in ward 13 people stuck please help
ROAD CAVE IN WARD 4 CAR FELL INSIDE
plz pipeline blast ward 35 water everywhere road closed
sir HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 46 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
SOS OPEN MANHOLE BANDRA NO COVER
plz aag lag gayi ward 41 mein help karo
fire broke out ward 25 call fire brigade
WARD 17 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
plz manhole mein bacha gira ward 9 please help
plz child fell in open drain ward 12 emergency
kindly tree fell on road ward 48 blocking traffic
ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 45 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
plz bijli ka taar gira ward 44 log shock kha sakte hain
ward 28 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 34 please evacuate
hello building collapse ward 29
hello flood in ward 28 people stuck please help
ROAD CAVE IN WARD 11 CAR FELL INSIDE
plz pipeline blast ward 1 water everywhere road closed
sir help aag lag gayi ward 36 fire engine bhejo
SOS OPEN MANHOLE WARD 30 NO COVER
hello AAG LAG GAYI WARD 43 MEIN HELP KARO
kindly FIRE BROKE OUT PIMPRI CALL FIRE BRIGADE
ward 34 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
bhai manhole mein bacha gira ward 48 please help
child fell in open drain ward 41 emergency
hello tree fell on road ward 11 blocking traffic
electric wire on road ward 21 live wire dangerous
bhai bijli ka taar gira ward 34 log shock kha sakte hain
hello ward 42 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
bhai GAS LEAKAGE WARD 4 PLEASE EVACUATE
bhai building collapse ward 17
kindly FLOOD IN WARD 16 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
bhai road cave in ward 44 car fell inside
kindly pipeline blast ward 5 water everywhere road closed
sir HELP aag lag gayi ward 38 fire engine bhejo
kindly sos open manhole ward 24 no cover
aag lag gayi ward 39 mein help karo
bhai fire broke out ward 43 call fire brigade
bhai WARD 30 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
kindly manhole mein bacha gira ward 40 please help
kindly child fell in open drain ward 16 emergency
bhai TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 28 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
ELECTRIC WIRE ON ROAD WARD 6 LIVE WIRE DANGEROUS
bhai bijli ka taar gira ward 32 log shock kha sakte hain
hello WARD 10 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
hello GAS LEAKAGE BANDRA PLEASE EVACUATE
BUILDING COLLAPSE WARD 5
FLOOD IN WARD 26 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
plz ROAD CAVE IN WARD 14 CAR FELL INSIDE
PIPELINE BLAST WARD 21 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
hello HELP AAG LAG GAYI WARD 25 FIRE ENGINE BHEJO
kindly sos open manhole andheri no cover
hello aag lag gayi ward 37 mein help karo
hello fire broke out ward 44 call fire brigade
bhai ward 27 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
hello MANHOLE MEIN BACHA GIRA WARD 20 PLEASE HELP
plz CHILD FELL IN OPEN DRAIN WARD 33 EMERGENCY
sir tree fell on road ward 24 blocking traffic
kindly electric wire on road ward 18 live wire dangerous
sir bijli ka taar gira ward 43 log shock kha sakte hain
kindly WARD 18 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
plz gas leakage ward 6 please evacuate
sir building collapse ward 25
FLOOD IN WARD 27 PEOPLE STUCK PLEASE HELP
sir road cave in ward 11 car fell inside
pipeline blast ward 6 water everywhere road closed
HELP aag lag gayi ward 11 fire engine bhejo
SOS open manhole ward 4 no cover
sir aag lag gayi ward 43 mein help karo
kindly fire broke out ward 12 call fire brigade
kindly ward 9 में आग लगी है तुरंत मदद करो
hello manhole mein bacha gira ward 32 please help
child fell in open drain ward 15 emergency
sir TREE FELL ON ROAD WARD 12 BLOCKING TRAFFIC
kindly electric wire on road ward 39 live wire dangerous
sir BIJLI KA TAAR GIRA WARD 31 LOG SHOCK KHA SAKTE HAIN
bhai WARD 6 में बिजली का तार गिरा है
gas leakage ward 20 please evacuate
building collapse ward 46
bhai flood in ward 39 people stuck please help
hello ROAD CAVE IN WARD 45 CAR FELL INSIDE
bhai PIPELINE BLAST WARD 28 WATER EVERYWHERE ROAD CLOSED
HELP aag lag gayi ward 27 fire engine bhejo
SOS open manhole ward 31 no cover
naya water connection chahiye ward 37 mein
plz I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION WARD 20
पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 22 में
kindly WATER METER CHANGE KARNA HAI WARD 41
WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER KARNA HAI WARD 42
naya water connection chahiye ward 18 mein
i want to apply for new water connection ward 19
पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 8 में
bhai WATER METER CHANGE KARNA HAI WARD 24
sir WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER KARNA HAI BANDRA
sir naya water connection chahiye ward 20 mein
I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION WARD 25
kindly पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए WARD 47 में
bhai water meter change karna hai ward 43
water connection transfer karna hai ward 37
naya water connection chahiye ward 32 mein
I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION PIMPRI
पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 8 में
hello WATER METER CHANGE KARNA HAI WARD 7
WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER KARNA HAI WARD 6
plz naya water connection chahiye ward 11 mein
I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION WARD 1
kindly पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 34 में
hello water meter change karna hai ward 6
kindly water connection transfer karna hai ward 8
kindly naya water connection chahiye ward 28 mein
bhai i want to apply for new water connection ward 36
पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 4 में
bhai water meter change karna hai ward 30
plz water connection transfer karna hai ward 20
hello naya water connection chahiye ward 8 mein
sir I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION WARD 32
bhai पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए WARD 17 में
kindly water meter change karna hai ward 11
water connection transfer karna hai ward 22
bhai naya water connection chahiye andheri mein
kindly i want to apply for new water connection ward 36
hello पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 20 में
sir water meter change karna hai ward 22
sir water connection transfer karna hai ward 35
NAYA WATER CONNECTION CHAHIYE WARD 17 MEIN
i want to apply for new water connection ward 43
bhai पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए WARD 17 में
plz WATER METER CHANGE KARNA HAI WARD 29
hello WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER KARNA HAI WARD 13
naya water connection chahiye ward 23 mein
bhai I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION WARD 8
plz पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए WARD 17 में
hello water meter change karna hai ward 45
kindly water connection transfer karna hai Pimpri
naya water connection chahiye ward 37 mein
I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION ANDHERI
पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए WARD 17 में
water meter change karna hai ward 23
bhai WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER KARNA HAI WARD 6
naya water connection chahiye ward 7 mein
I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION WARD 49
पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 39 में
plz water meter change karna hai ward 39
kindly water connection transfer karna hai Pimpri
plz naya water connection chahiye ward 1 mein
kindly i want to apply for new water connection ward 44
पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 4 में
WATER METER CHANGE KARNA HAI WARD 47
hello water connection transfer karna hai ward 42
plz naya water connection chahiye ward 3 mein
I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION WARD 16
plz पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 19 में
water meter change karna hai ward 34
kindly water connection transfer karna hai ward 9
NAYA WATER CONNECTION CHAHIYE WARD 27 MEIN
kindly I want to apply for new water connection ward 32
पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 19 में
sir WATER METER CHANGE KARNA HAI WARD 11
WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER KARNA HAI WARD 7
kindly NAYA WATER CONNECTION CHAHIYE WARD 13 MEIN
I want to apply for new water connection ward 33
kindly पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए WARD 1 में
WATER METER CHANGE KARNA HAI WARD 1
WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER KARNA HAI WARD 46
sir naya water connection chahiye ward 35 mein
kindly I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION WARD 9
hello पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 45 में
plz WATER METER CHANGE KARNA HAI WARD 3
bhai water connection transfer karna hai ward 38
sir naya water connection chahiye ward 49 mein
bhai I want to apply for new water connection ward 36
पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए WARD 21 में
WATER METER CHANGE KARNA HAI WARD 40
WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER KARNA HAI WARD 10
bhai naya water connection chahiye ward 11 mein
sir I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION WARD 8
hello पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए WARD 6 में
water meter change karna hai ward 15
plz water connection transfer karna hai ward 25
naya water connection chahiye ward 17 mein
sir I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION WARD 34
plz पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 25 में
sir water meter change karna hai ward 15
water connection transfer karna hai ward 18
hello naya water connection chahiye ward 21 mein
kindly i want to apply for new water connection ward 49
पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 47 में
hello WATER METER CHANGE KARNA HAI WARD 16
water connection transfer karna hai ward 27
kindly NAYA WATER CONNECTION CHAHIYE WARD 23 MEIN
kindly I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION WARD 18
bhai पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 22 में
sir WATER METER CHANGE KARNA HAI WARD 31
kindly water connection transfer karna hai ward 38
hello naya water connection chahiye ward 33 mein
hello I want to apply for new water connection ward 34
पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए WARD 27 में
hello WATER METER CHANGE KARNA HAI WARD 15
sir water connection transfer karna hai ward 27
naya water connection chahiye ward 37 mein
I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION WARD 32
पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 49 में
hello water meter change karna hai ward 32
bhai water connection transfer karna hai ward 19
kindly NAYA WATER CONNECTION CHAHIYE WARD 36 MEIN
I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION WARD 27
पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 29 में
water meter change karna hai ward 26
WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER KARNA HAI WARD 18
bhai naya water connection chahiye ward 39 mein
i want to apply for new water connection ward 36
पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 9 में
sir water meter change karna hai ward 46
kindly WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER KARNA HAI WARD 11
plz NAYA WATER CONNECTION CHAHIYE WARD 47 MEIN
I want to apply for new water connection ward 12
bhai पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 45 में
bhai water meter change karna hai ward 27
plz water connection transfer karna hai ward 41
plz naya water connection chahiye ward 44 mein
kindly I want to apply for new water connection ward 45
plz पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 41 में
WATER METER CHANGE KARNA HAI WARD 43
water connection transfer karna hai ward 32
NAYA WATER CONNECTION CHAHIYE WARD 15 MEIN
sir i want to apply for new water connection ward 6
पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 2 में
sir water meter change karna hai ward 46
hello WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER KARNA HAI WARD 4
hello naya water connection chahiye ward 41 mein
kindly I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION WARD 31
hello पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 44 में
kindly water meter change karna hai ward 6
WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER KARNA HAI BANDRA
hello NAYA WATER CONNECTION CHAHIYE WARD 43 MEIN
sir I want to apply for new water connection ward 11
plz पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 49 में
plz WATER METER CHANGE KARNA HAI WARD 9
sir water connection transfer karna hai ward 43
kindly naya water connection chahiye ward 14 mein
plz I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION WARD 14
hello पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 38 में
WATER METER CHANGE KARNA HAI WARD 26
sir water connection transfer karna hai ward 44
naya water connection chahiye ward 41 mein
bhai I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION PIMPRI
bhai पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए WARD 4 में
water meter change karna hai ward 19
hello water connection transfer karna hai ward 28
naya water connection chahiye ward 33 mein
hello I want to apply for new water connection ward 14
पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए WARD 24 में
sir water meter change karna hai ward 37
WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER KARNA HAI WARD 10
NAYA WATER CONNECTION CHAHIYE WARD 37 MEIN
i want to apply for new water connection ward 1
kindly पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 9 में
water meter change karna hai ward 27
water connection transfer karna hai ward 6
sir NAYA WATER CONNECTION CHAHIYE WARD 43 MEIN
I want to apply for new water connection ward 20
पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 2 में
water meter change karna hai ward 19
hello water connection transfer karna hai ward 11
plz NAYA WATER CONNECTION CHAHIYE WARD 25 MEIN
hello i want to apply for new water connection ward 22
hello पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 7 में
WATER METER CHANGE KARNA HAI WARD 19
water connection transfer karna hai ward 31
hello naya water connection chahiye ward 47 mein
sir i want to apply for new water connection ward 30
sir पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए ward 11 में
bhai water meter change karna hai ward 38
sir water connection transfer karna hai ward 26
naya water connection chahiye ward 7 mein
plz I want to apply for new water connection ward 46
plz पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए WARD 5 में
bhai water meter change karna hai ward 46
kindly WATER CONNECTION TRANSFER KARNA HAI WARD 6
naya water connection chahiye ward 16 mein
I WANT TO APPLY FOR NEW WATER CONNECTION WARD 22
पानी का नया कनेक्शन चाहिए WARD 20 में
water meter change karna hai ward 37
water connection transfer karna hai ward 10
bhai property tax self assessment karna hai
sir PROPERTY TAX NAAM TRANSFER KARNA HAI
kindly संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
bhai property tax objection file karna hai
kindly PROPERTY TAX SELF ASSESSMENT KARNA HAI
plz property tax naam transfer karna hai
संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
bhai PROPERTY TAX OBJECTION FILE KARNA HAI
PROPERTY TAX SELF ASSESSMENT KARNA HAI
property tax naam transfer karna hai
संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
property tax objection file karna hai
sir property tax self assessment karna hai
kindly property tax naam transfer karna hai
bhai संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
sir PROPERTY TAX OBJECTION FILE KARNA HAI
plz property tax self assessment karna hai
plz property tax naam transfer karna hai
संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
property tax objection file karna hai
sir property tax self assessment karna hai
bhai PROPERTY TAX NAAM TRANSFER KARNA HAI
kindly संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
property tax objection file karna hai
property tax self assessment karna hai
sir PROPERTY TAX NAAM TRANSFER KARNA HAI
sir संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
hello property tax objection file karna hai
bhai property tax self assessment karna hai
PROPERTY TAX NAAM TRANSFER KARNA HAI
bhai संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
property tax objection file karna hai
plz property tax self assessment karna hai
sir property tax naam transfer karna hai
bhai संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
property tax objection file karna hai
kindly PROPERTY TAX SELF ASSESSMENT KARNA HAI
property tax naam transfer karna hai
kindly संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
kindly PROPERTY TAX OBJECTION FILE KARNA HAI
kindly property tax self assessment karna hai
property tax naam transfer karna hai
kindly संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
sir PROPERTY TAX OBJECTION FILE KARNA HAI
sir PROPERTY TAX SELF ASSESSMENT KARNA HAI
PROPERTY TAX NAAM TRANSFER KARNA HAI
sir संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
kindly property tax objection file karna hai
bhai property tax self assessment karna hai
property tax naam transfer karna hai
plz संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
plz PROPERTY TAX OBJECTION FILE KARNA HAI
hello property tax self assessment karna hai
kindly property tax naam transfer karna hai
hello संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
hello property tax objection file karna hai
PROPERTY TAX SELF ASSESSMENT KARNA HAI
plz PROPERTY TAX NAAM TRANSFER KARNA HAI
sir संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
property tax objection file karna hai
sir property tax self assessment karna hai
PROPERTY TAX NAAM TRANSFER KARNA HAI
plz संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
bhai property tax objection file karna hai
hello property tax self assessment karna hai
property tax naam transfer karna hai
संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
property tax objection file karna hai
PROPERTY TAX SELF ASSESSMENT KARNA HAI
sir PROPERTY TAX NAAM TRANSFER KARNA HAI
संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
hello property tax objection file karna hai
sir property tax self assessment karna hai
plz PROPERTY TAX NAAM TRANSFER KARNA HAI
sir संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
hello PROPERTY TAX OBJECTION FILE KARNA HAI
kindly PROPERTY TAX SELF ASSESSMENT KARNA HAI
kindly PROPERTY TAX NAAM TRANSFER KARNA HAI
kindly संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
property tax objection file karna hai
kindly property tax self assessment karna hai
sir property tax naam transfer karna hai
kindly संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
plz property tax objection file karna hai
hello property tax self assessment karna hai
property tax naam transfer karna hai
hello संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
hello PROPERTY TAX OBJECTION FILE KARNA HAI
property tax self assessment karna hai
kindly property tax naam transfer karna hai
संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
property tax objection file karna hai
PROPERTY TAX SELF ASSESSMENT KARNA HAI
plz property tax naam transfer karna hai
संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
plz property tax objection file karna hai
plz property tax self assessment karna hai
property tax naam transfer karna hai
sir संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
property tax objection file karna hai
plz property tax self assessment karna hai
bhai property tax naam transfer karna hai
kindly संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
kindly property tax objection file karna hai
property tax self assessment karna hai
property tax naam transfer karna hai
संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
PROPERTY TAX OBJECTION FILE KARNA HAI
sir property tax self assessment karna hai
kindly PROPERTY TAX NAAM TRANSFER KARNA HAI
संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
bhai PROPERTY TAX OBJECTION FILE KARNA HAI
bhai property tax self assessment karna hai
kindly PROPERTY TAX NAAM TRANSFER KARNA HAI
bhai संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
PROPERTY TAX OBJECTION FILE KARNA HAI
property tax self assessment karna hai
plz property tax naam transfer karna hai
bhai संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
PROPERTY TAX OBJECTION FILE KARNA HAI
hello property tax self assessment karna hai
kindly property tax naam transfer karna hai
hello संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
bhai property tax objection file karna hai
plz property tax self assessment karna hai
property tax naam transfer karna hai
hello संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
property tax objection file karna hai
plz property tax self assessment karna hai
hello PROPERTY TAX NAAM TRANSFER KARNA HAI
संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
property tax objection file karna hai
kindly PROPERTY TAX SELF ASSESSMENT KARNA HAI
hello property tax naam transfer karna hai
sir संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
bhai property tax objection file karna hai
bhai PROPERTY TAX SELF ASSESSMENT KARNA HAI
plz PROPERTY TAX NAAM TRANSFER KARNA HAI
sir संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
PROPERTY TAX OBJECTION FILE KARNA HAI
PROPERTY TAX SELF ASSESSMENT KARNA HAI
plz property tax naam transfer karna hai
संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
PROPERTY TAX OBJECTION FILE KARNA HAI
property tax self assessment karna hai
bhai PROPERTY TAX NAAM TRANSFER KARNA HAI
संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
hello property tax objection file karna hai
property tax self assessment karna hai
property tax naam transfer karna hai
hello संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
bhai property tax objection file karna hai
plz property tax self assessment karna hai
property tax naam transfer karna hai
संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
bhai property tax objection file karna hai
hello property tax self assessment karna hai
plz property tax naam transfer karna hai
bhai संपत्ति कर जमा करना है ऑनलाइन
property tax objection file karna hai
plz birth certificate apply karna hai ward 15
plz DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
bhai marriage certificate chahiye
bhai birth certificate apply karna hai ward 3
kindly DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
kindly जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE CHAHIYE
birth certificate apply karna hai ward 10
DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
marriage certificate chahiye
kindly birth certificate apply karna hai ward 15
sir DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
sir जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
sir marriage certificate chahiye
plz BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 25
bhai DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
kindly जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
bhai marriage certificate chahiye
sir birth certificate apply karna hai ward 21
kindly death certificate apply karna hai
sir जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
sir marriage certificate chahiye
kindly birth certificate apply karna hai ward 46
plz DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
bhai जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
marriage certificate chahiye
hello birth certificate apply karna hai ward 15
death certificate apply karna hai
plz जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
hello MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE CHAHIYE
birth certificate apply karna hai ward 22
death certificate apply karna hai
hello जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
marriage certificate chahiye
plz BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 16
sir death certificate apply karna hai
plz जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
marriage certificate chahiye
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 38
sir DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
plz marriage certificate chahiye
plz birth certificate apply karna hai ward 24
plz DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
sir जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
hello marriage certificate chahiye
plz birth certificate apply karna hai ward 8
DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
sir जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
marriage certificate chahiye
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 39
DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE CHAHIYE
bhai BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 39
plz DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
sir जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE CHAHIYE
sir birth certificate apply karna hai ward 36
kindly DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
hello जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
kindly MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE CHAHIYE
bhai BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 14
DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
bhai जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
marriage certificate chahiye
plz birth certificate apply karna hai ward 39
kindly DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
sir जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
bhai marriage certificate chahiye
plz birth certificate apply karna hai ward 22
death certificate apply karna hai
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
marriage certificate chahiye
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 20
kindly DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
hello जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
marriage certificate chahiye
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 45
hello DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
hello जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
plz MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE CHAHIYE
hello BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 28
bhai DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
hello marriage certificate chahiye
kindly BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 8
death certificate apply karna hai
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
kindly MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE CHAHIYE
birth certificate apply karna hai ward 15
death certificate apply karna hai
hello जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
marriage certificate chahiye
plz birth certificate apply karna hai ward 29
DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE CHAHIYE
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 29
kindly death certificate apply karna hai
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
sir marriage certificate chahiye
plz BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 38
death certificate apply karna hai
plz जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
plz marriage certificate chahiye
birth certificate apply karna hai ward 6
hello death certificate apply karna hai
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
plz MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE CHAHIYE
hello birth certificate apply karna hai ward 23
hello death certificate apply karna hai
plz जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
marriage certificate chahiye
plz birth certificate apply karna hai ward 17
plz death certificate apply karna hai
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE CHAHIYE
birth certificate apply karna hai ward 27
bhai DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
bhai जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
kindly MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE CHAHIYE
plz birth certificate apply karna hai ward 45
hello DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
bhai MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE CHAHIYE
hello BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 43
plz DEATH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
kindly जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
plz marriage certificate chahiye
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 35
kindly death certificate apply karna hai
bhai जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE CHAHIYE
birth certificate apply karna hai bandra
death certificate apply karna hai
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
kindly MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE CHAHIYE
BIRTH CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 6
hello death certificate apply karna hai
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
plz marriage certificate chahiye
kindly birth certificate apply karna hai ward 25
sir death certificate apply karna hai
hello जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
marriage certificate chahiye
birth certificate apply karna hai ward 22
hello death certificate apply karna hai
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
MARRIAGE CERTIFICATE CHAHIYE
sir birth certificate apply karna hai bandra
kindly death certificate apply karna hai
जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
marriage certificate chahiye
birth certificate apply karna hai ward 33
bhai death certificate apply karna hai
plz जन्म प्रमाण पत्र के लिए आवेदन करना है
marriage certificate chahiye
kindly new trade license apply karna hai ward 10
TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL KARNA HAI
sir नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 9 में
sir food license apply karna hai
plz new trade license apply karna hai ward 18
bhai trade license renewal karna hai
hello नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए WARD 42 में
plz food license apply karna hai
sir new trade license apply karna hai ward 23
trade license renewal karna hai
sir नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 8 में
bhai food license apply karna hai
sir NEW TRADE LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 37
TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL KARNA HAI
bhai नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए WARD 21 में
food license apply karna hai
hello new trade license apply karna hai ward 3
bhai trade license renewal karna hai
नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 24 में
food license apply karna hai
hello new trade license apply karna hai ward 41
hello TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL KARNA HAI
kindly नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 5 में
hello FOOD LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI
bhai new trade license apply karna hai ward 47
kindly TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL KARNA HAI
hello नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 30 में
sir food license apply karna hai
new trade license apply karna hai ward 34
bhai trade license renewal karna hai
plz नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए WARD 36 में
food license apply karna hai
new trade license apply karna hai ward 23
hello trade license renewal karna hai
sir नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए WARD 2 में
hello FOOD LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI
new trade license apply karna hai ward 33
trade license renewal karna hai
नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 11 में
kindly food license apply karna hai
kindly NEW TRADE LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 39
plz trade license renewal karna hai
bhai नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए Koramangala में
food license apply karna hai
kindly new trade license apply karna hai ward 32
TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL KARNA HAI
sir नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 31 में
FOOD LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI
hello new trade license apply karna hai ward 27
trade license renewal karna hai
plz नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 10 में
FOOD LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI
new trade license apply karna hai ward 24
plz trade license renewal karna hai
bhai नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 48 में
bhai FOOD LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI
sir NEW TRADE LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 37
TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL KARNA HAI
plz नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 17 में
food license apply karna hai
kindly new trade license apply karna hai ward 12
hello trade license renewal karna hai
hello नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए WARD 40 में
kindly FOOD LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI
bhai new trade license apply karna hai ward 13
trade license renewal karna hai
नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए WARD 27 में
plz food license apply karna hai
sir new trade license apply karna hai ward 16
TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL KARNA HAI
hello नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए WARD 16 में
plz food license apply karna hai
bhai new trade license apply karna hai ward 44
plz TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL KARNA HAI
नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए WARD 38 में
food license apply karna hai
new trade license apply karna hai ward 49
bhai trade license renewal karna hai
plz नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 35 में
food license apply karna hai
sir NEW TRADE LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 49
trade license renewal karna hai
sir नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए WARD 26 में
sir food license apply karna hai
new trade license apply karna hai ward 23
kindly trade license renewal karna hai
kindly नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए WARD 18 में
bhai food license apply karna hai
new trade license apply karna hai ward 1
hello TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL KARNA HAI
नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 17 में
plz FOOD LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI
new trade license apply karna hai ward 27
hello TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL KARNA HAI
नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए WARD 36 में
bhai food license apply karna hai
bhai NEW TRADE LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 26
trade license renewal karna hai
sir नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 10 में
kindly FOOD LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI
hello NEW TRADE LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 8
bhai TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL KARNA HAI
नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 29 में
sir food license apply karna hai
plz NEW TRADE LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 9
bhai trade license renewal karna hai
plz नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए Andheri में
hello food license apply karna hai
sir new trade license apply karna hai ward 19
hello TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL KARNA HAI
नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 6 में
hello food license apply karna hai
plz new trade license apply karna hai ward 48
trade license renewal karna hai
नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 9 में
food license apply karna hai
new trade license apply karna hai Koramangala
trade license renewal karna hai
नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए WARD 6 में
food license apply karna hai
hello NEW TRADE LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 40
kindly trade license renewal karna hai
sir नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 20 में
plz food license apply karna hai
plz new trade license apply karna hai ward 14
bhai trade license renewal karna hai
plz नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 42 में
hello FOOD LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI
sir new trade license apply karna hai andheri
trade license renewal karna hai
नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए WARD 4 में
food license apply karna hai
bhai NEW TRADE LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI WARD 17
trade license renewal karna hai
नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 38 में
plz FOOD LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI
sir new trade license apply karna hai ward 22
kindly trade license renewal karna hai
hello नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 32 में
kindly FOOD LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI
plz new trade license apply karna hai ward 40
bhai trade license renewal karna hai
plz नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 46 में
hello food license apply karna hai
sir NEW TRADE LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI KORAMANGALA
hello TRADE LICENSE RENEWAL KARNA HAI
hello नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 39 में
FOOD LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI
hello new trade license apply karna hai ward 13
trade license renewal karna hai
plz नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 7 में
FOOD LICENSE APPLY KARNA HAI
bhai new trade license apply karna hai ward 9
kindly trade license renewal karna hai
bhai नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 16 में
food license apply karna hai
hello new trade license apply karna hai ward 15
trade license renewal karna hai
kindly नया व्यापार लाइसेंस चाहिए ward 22 में
bhai food license apply karna hai
plz building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
oc certificate apply karna hai
kindly भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
encroachment removal request dena hai
sir building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
bhai OC certificate apply karna hai
भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
bhai encroachment removal request dena hai
building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
hello OC CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
bhai encroachment removal request dena hai
building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
hello OC certificate apply karna hai
भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
ENCROACHMENT REMOVAL REQUEST DENA HAI
kindly building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
kindly oc certificate apply karna hai
भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
plz ENCROACHMENT REMOVAL REQUEST DENA HAI
building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
OC certificate apply karna hai
भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
kindly encroachment removal request dena hai
kindly BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KE LIYE APPLY KARNA HAI
oc certificate apply karna hai
bhai भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
ENCROACHMENT REMOVAL REQUEST DENA HAI
plz building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
OC CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
kindly भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
bhai encroachment removal request dena hai
building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
plz OC certificate apply karna hai
hello भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
encroachment removal request dena hai
kindly building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
plz OC CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
kindly encroachment removal request dena hai
sir building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
OC certificate apply karna hai
sir भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
sir ENCROACHMENT REMOVAL REQUEST DENA HAI
plz building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
oc certificate apply karna hai
sir भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
hello encroachment removal request dena hai
plz building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
bhai OC certificate apply karna hai
भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
plz encroachment removal request dena hai
bhai BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KE LIYE APPLY KARNA HAI
hello OC CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
kindly भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
kindly encroachment removal request dena hai
bhai BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KE LIYE APPLY KARNA HAI
OC certificate apply karna hai
kindly भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
sir encroachment removal request dena hai
BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KE LIYE APPLY KARNA HAI
OC CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
plz भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
ENCROACHMENT REMOVAL REQUEST DENA HAI
bhai building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
kindly OC certificate apply karna hai
plz भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
kindly encroachment removal request dena hai
bhai building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
OC certificate apply karna hai
plz भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
encroachment removal request dena hai
kindly building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
plz oc certificate apply karna hai
plz भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
plz ENCROACHMENT REMOVAL REQUEST DENA HAI
building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
plz OC certificate apply karna hai
plz भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
encroachment removal request dena hai
building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
OC certificate apply karna hai
भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
encroachment removal request dena hai
plz building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
kindly OC CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
sir encroachment removal request dena hai
sir BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KE LIYE APPLY KARNA HAI
kindly OC certificate apply karna hai
भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
sir encroachment removal request dena hai
building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
OC certificate apply karna hai
भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
kindly encroachment removal request dena hai
plz building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
OC CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
hello encroachment removal request dena hai
building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
OC CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
encroachment removal request dena hai
building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
plz oc certificate apply karna hai
bhai भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
encroachment removal request dena hai
building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
kindly OC certificate apply karna hai
kindly भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
ENCROACHMENT REMOVAL REQUEST DENA HAI
BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KE LIYE APPLY KARNA HAI
plz OC certificate apply karna hai
kindly भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
ENCROACHMENT REMOVAL REQUEST DENA HAI
hello building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
sir OC certificate apply karna hai
plz भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
encroachment removal request dena hai
building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
bhai OC CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
plz भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
encroachment removal request dena hai
hello building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
hello OC certificate apply karna hai
bhai भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
bhai encroachment removal request dena hai
BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KE LIYE APPLY KARNA HAI
bhai OC certificate apply karna hai
kindly भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
sir encroachment removal request dena hai
bhai building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
bhai oc certificate apply karna hai
sir भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
plz ENCROACHMENT REMOVAL REQUEST DENA HAI
kindly building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
OC CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
ENCROACHMENT REMOVAL REQUEST DENA HAI
hello building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
OC CERTIFICATE APPLY KARNA HAI
sir भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
kindly ENCROACHMENT REMOVAL REQUEST DENA HAI
hello BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KE LIYE APPLY KARNA HAI
sir OC certificate apply karna hai
भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
sir ENCROACHMENT REMOVAL REQUEST DENA HAI
sir building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
oc certificate apply karna hai
भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
sir encroachment removal request dena hai
sir BUILDING PLAN APPROVAL KE LIYE APPLY KARNA HAI
bhai oc certificate apply karna hai
plz भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
ENCROACHMENT REMOVAL REQUEST DENA HAI
kindly building plan approval ke liye apply karna hai
kindly oc certificate apply karna hai
bhai भवन निर्माण अनुमति के लिए आवेदन करना है
sir encroachment removal request dena hai
sir extra dustbin chahiye ward 8 colony mein
composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
sir bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
plz extra dustbin chahiye ward 47 colony mein
sir composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
bhai extra dustbin chahiye ward 22 colony mein
bhai composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
BULK WASTE PICKUP SCHEDULE KARNA HAI
extra dustbin chahiye ward 14 colony mein
hello composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
hello bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
extra dustbin chahiye ward 22 colony mein
plz composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
kindly extra dustbin chahiye ward 10 colony mein
bhai composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
plz EXTRA DUSTBIN CHAHIYE WARD 1 COLONY MEIN
plz composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
plz bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
EXTRA DUSTBIN CHAHIYE WARD 9 COLONY MEIN
hello COMPOSTING UNIT KE LIYE APPLY KARNA HAI
plz bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
hello extra dustbin chahiye ward 35 colony mein
hello composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
sir bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
bhai extra dustbin chahiye ward 32 colony mein
composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
bhai BULK WASTE PICKUP SCHEDULE KARNA HAI
kindly extra dustbin chahiye bandra colony mein
composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
hello bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
plz extra dustbin chahiye ward 46 colony mein
composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
sir extra dustbin chahiye ward 1 colony mein
sir composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
BULK WASTE PICKUP SCHEDULE KARNA HAI
bhai extra dustbin chahiye ward 41 colony mein
composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
BULK WASTE PICKUP SCHEDULE KARNA HAI
extra dustbin chahiye bandra colony mein
COMPOSTING UNIT KE LIYE APPLY KARNA HAI
bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
kindly extra dustbin chahiye ward 1 colony mein
sir COMPOSTING UNIT KE LIYE APPLY KARNA HAI
hello BULK WASTE PICKUP SCHEDULE KARNA HAI
hello EXTRA DUSTBIN CHAHIYE WARD 39 COLONY MEIN
composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
hello bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
bhai EXTRA DUSTBIN CHAHIYE WARD 45 COLONY MEIN
composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
bhai bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
plz extra dustbin chahiye ward 16 colony mein
composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
kindly BULK WASTE PICKUP SCHEDULE KARNA HAI
extra dustbin chahiye ward 44 colony mein
composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
BULK WASTE PICKUP SCHEDULE KARNA HAI
extra dustbin chahiye ward 15 colony mein
bhai composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
hello bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
kindly EXTRA DUSTBIN CHAHIYE WARD 24 COLONY MEIN
composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
EXTRA DUSTBIN CHAHIYE ANDHERI COLONY MEIN
plz composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
kindly BULK WASTE PICKUP SCHEDULE KARNA HAI
plz extra dustbin chahiye ward 8 colony mein
plz COMPOSTING UNIT KE LIYE APPLY KARNA HAI
kindly bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
extra dustbin chahiye ward 37 colony mein
plz COMPOSTING UNIT KE LIYE APPLY KARNA HAI
sir bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
extra dustbin chahiye ward 22 colony mein
hello composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
sir bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
kindly extra dustbin chahiye ward 4 colony mein
composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
bhai BULK WASTE PICKUP SCHEDULE KARNA HAI
plz EXTRA DUSTBIN CHAHIYE WARD 17 COLONY MEIN
plz composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
BULK WASTE PICKUP SCHEDULE KARNA HAI
EXTRA DUSTBIN CHAHIYE WARD 3 COLONY MEIN
plz composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
BULK WASTE PICKUP SCHEDULE KARNA HAI
EXTRA DUSTBIN CHAHIYE WARD 38 COLONY MEIN
composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
kindly bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
sir EXTRA DUSTBIN CHAHIYE WARD 37 COLONY MEIN
hello composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
kindly bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
plz extra dustbin chahiye ward 4 colony mein
kindly composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
hello bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
extra dustbin chahiye ward 40 colony mein
composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
hello BULK WASTE PICKUP SCHEDULE KARNA HAI
sir extra dustbin chahiye ward 20 colony mein
bhai COMPOSTING UNIT KE LIYE APPLY KARNA HAI
kindly BULK WASTE PICKUP SCHEDULE KARNA HAI
sir extra dustbin chahiye ward 47 colony mein
bhai composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
BULK WASTE PICKUP SCHEDULE KARNA HAI
hello extra dustbin chahiye ward 36 colony mein
hello composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
bhai BULK WASTE PICKUP SCHEDULE KARNA HAI
bhai extra dustbin chahiye ward 33 colony mein
bhai composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
hello bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
plz extra dustbin chahiye ward 22 colony mein
kindly composting unit ke liye apply karna hai
BULK WASTE PICKUP SCHEDULE KARNA HAI
hello extra dustbin chahiye ward 13 colony mein
plz COMPOSTING UNIT KE LIYE APPLY KARNA HAI
bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
kindly extra dustbin chahiye ward 28 colony mein
kindly COMPOSTING UNIT KE LIYE APPLY KARNA HAI
bulk waste pickup schedule karna hai
